We purchased this TV Mount for the TV in our motorhome.  Several of our friends liked it so much that they asked us to order one for them.  Works great when changing from analog TV to digital HD TV.
This TV mount I bought for just $25 easily outdoes similar ones that cost over $100! It comes preassembled, is easy to mount on the wall, and has clear instructions. It also features a wire holder and cover for the screws on the wall. The joints are a little bit stiff, but with use and maybe a drop of oil this shouldn't be a problem. Definetely a great buy at a agreat price!
Great product period.  Comes with multiple sets of screws to mount your flat screen LCD depending on the screw hole depth in monitor.  No teardrop mounts however but you don't need'em...most screens are lite enough to hold and attach by yourself.  I did it easily.  Anyway, it's still hang'in on the wall.  An allen wrench is provided to tighten the tilt of the screen after its up.  I'm getting another one or two for my computer monitors to attach to the wall at my desk.  Be sure to mount to a stud in the wall or equivalent and level first before attaching to the wall.
The VideoSecu articulating TV mount is good but could be better. I unpacked the mount to put up a new flat panel TV in my bedroom and it took me about 20 minutes from unpacking to secure the mount to the wall (another 40 minutes to mount the TV). You'll need some hand tools like a drill with drill bits to drill holes in your wall and a socket wrench to secure the bolts to the wall. Having a second person help you hold the mount while you screw it to the wall is very helpful since the mount is heavy and your arms get tired holding it over your head. You should also spray some WD40 to lubricate the joints prior to mounting it to the wall so the arm swings easily. You will also need a stud finder to attach the mount to wooden studs in the wall. Having the other person hold the TV while you screw in the four screws to the TV mounting plate is a must. It took my wife and I about 40 minutes to mount the TV to the wall from start to finish.
This is a great buy, compared to a $60 or more a retail store.
I wasn't sure if I had the right tools, but found all I needed was a socket wrench and screw driver. The mount is already assembled and most of the &#34;stuff&#34; in the box are extensions, bolts, and different size screws you may need depending on your TV and size. They cover all bases! Very easy to assemble... It takes longer to screw the bolts into the wall (2 by 4) then it does to assemble the mount.
En verdad, es un muy bien articulo, viene con todo lo necesario para instalarlo uno mismo, lastima que no venga el taladro,jajaja. pero en realidad muy buen producto.Lo recomiendo
Item exactly as described.  There was a bit of a mix up on shipping the initial order, but they went out of their way to make it right.  Would absolutely use again.
This product was not easy to fit on the back of my 42&#34; LG tv, however once I was able to figure out the configuration it's been great. It extends far out from the wall, and can turn it any direction I want. I love the product, just not the configuration of making it fit on my tv.
Sturdy & does the job well.I research the products before purchasing & this one is it. Take my word for it.
Purchased this item for our church to be able to mount the tvs in the children's rooms above their inquisitive hands. It was easy to install and the tvs mount easily on it.
Got this to replace a Peerless Paramount wall mount when I got my new TV.  Let me start off by saying it works as advertised.  But that won't get you 5 stars.  The problem is installation.  Maybe it's my own fault for thinking all TV wall mounts worked like the Peerless I had.  See, that one has a separate TV plate that you screw to the TV first.  Then you have the second piece (the actual wall mount) that you screw to the wall.  Once that's done, using the bracket mounted on the TV, you hang the TV on the wall mount and secure it with a single bolt.  One person can easily put a TV on the wall.Not so much with this one.  Yes, I will admit that once it's mounted, it's a more secure connection, but it's the mounting that's the problem.  You can't do it alone.  Depending on the weight of the TV, you will need at least one helper.  This mount is one piece, which means that you have to hold the TV to the wall-mounted plate while attaching it with screws.  That can get tricky, especially with heavier TVs (I used it for a while with my old LCD TV which weighs 40+ pounds).  They do get kudos for providing all the screws for all VESA types as well as a regular and an Allen wrench.Three stars for ease of installation, five stars for usability, for a combined four stars.  Make sure you get help when installing.
Ordered this for a 26" Flat Screen used in the bedroom...Overall it is a decent mount...It is a bit difficult to adjust and does not move as freely I would have thought...but it does work and it does cost less than many of the brackets...overall a good value...
For the price this was a grade product, nothing to compare to it at walmart or locally.  PLUS you got an HDMI cable.
No complaints here. If you need an articulating mount for a mid-sized TV, you can't go wrong with this one.Very solid. Holds in place firmly.
and these mounts are the best....I have friends with different types and when they see what I have they wished that they had bought this type instead.....it is solid, and I have all angles........I mounted it on a sturdy board and then to the wall as I live in a log home....
Works great with my 40&#34; sharp. Takes a little bit of time to set up but it's worth be able to watch tv where ever I am in my office!
Great price, very easy installation.  I am using it on a 42&#34; Sanyo in garage, easy to rotate and adjust.  It comes with more hardware than needed, and clips to conceal wiring.  This is the second one I have installed, probably takes 10-15 minutes.  Price is far better than I have seen anywhere.
Works great with our 39&#34; Apex TV. Does not sag. Seems very sturdy. My husband mounted it and only needed my help for about 30 seconds.
The mount fit and worked well.  Had to invert the mount to mount it correctly in my RV but it has held the flat screen perfectly.
We ordered this flat screen tv wall mount to hold a 32" flatscreen tv.Item was easy to install and comes with good directions.  Lots of differentscrews are included to work with different TV brands and models.  Thewall mount tilts and also adjusts side-to-side.  We found it easier to attachmounting plate to back of TV and then to attach the mounting plate toarm, rather than attaching mounting plate to arm and then attaching TVto mounting plate per the directions.  The apparatus is well constructedand we were impressed with the quality for the price.
I am not sure why but for some reason the arms have bent a little so when I rotate the tv it tends to be crooked. Everything was mounted properly and my tv is not too large, I only have a 32" LED that weighs 14 lbs.
Very inexpensive.  Good build quality and the product came with a half dozen different screw sizes so its probably going to work with your tv.
I was real psyched when i got it and all the features are what i was looking for in a truck gps. Well that all went away real quick.1.The log feature and milage is inaccurate.2.The speed limits are way off all throughout the country.3.The screen is hard to read on sunny days.4 The  suction cup mount is clunky and comes loose constantly.5.It sent me over ebbers pass while trucking to Lake Tahoe last week.  (14% grade for 15 miles) I won't do that again.6. The power switch has recessed into the unit and will not turn back on.7.Called tech support about returning the unit and the guy barely spoke english.8.I expected better from rand mc'nally.
Great bracket for the money. Easy to use and install. I have it above a chair in the basement, so it's been very reliable
Perfect for our bedroom! Can move TV against the wall or pull it out for viewing. Great product.  Highly recommend.
Fantastic product for the price.  It works perfect for my Vizio 37".  Looks great and articulates with ease.  I am very satisfied with this product :)
Bought NEW but I could tell right away that mine had been repackaged and refurbished.  Plus the was missing the 4 arms but had some other random hardware included.  I made mine work for my 32&#34; set and it serves it's purpose. Just wish the seller was upfront on the condition, I could have bought a used one for $5 less.
I used this to mount my 27 inch Samsung in my bedroom. It feels very sturdy and I do not expect any problems with sagging or falling with it. For the price this mount is excellent. Why pay more for something that you will not see and does the same job as other high priced mounts. The only thing I did not like was the way the instructions have you mount the TV after the bracket is attached to the wall but like another reviewer stated, I removed the head from the arm, attached it to the TV and then reattached the head to the arm and slid the bolt that I removed back in. I did reverse the orientation of the bolt by having it drop in instead of pushing it in from the bottom. It made it much easier. After 15 years of having a TV on the edge of my dresser I finally freed that space up and have my TV mounted on the wall and I am very happy with this purchase.
This is a very sturdy product and fairly easy to install.  This item is a fraction of the cost of most store products and much better quality!
The only reason I didn't give this a 5-star review is one design flaw:  The mounting plate for the TV isn't intended to come off the main arm (as it is secured with a lock nut) to allow easy mounting.  In other words, you have to mount the system to a wall and then hoist your TV up while someone else fastens it to the mounting plate.  That said, it wasn't difficult to mount to a wall, nor was it too difficult to secure the TV and it is very sturdy.  I've mounted a 32" TV that weighs about 25 lbs. and think the mount could've easily handled another 30 lbs.  I received the item within a few days of ordering and am quite pleased with the product.  Even at Sam's Club, mounts of this quality cost at least twice as much.
We bought this for a 55&#34; Vizio and it worked perfectly. I would buy it again and recommend it. Good quality.
I bought this mount due to the price should of known that when a swing mount is less then $40 its not going to be the best. First its a pain to put together instructions not that clear. Second the arms which is shown on the picture are very flimsy. I would recommend this only if your not going to be moving it alot otherwise spend the extra dollars and get it from Costco or Walmart so you can return it for a better one.
good price and works well . was quite easy to install . it is supportig a 30&#34; tv in my bedroom
I absolutely would not recommend putting any TV you want to keep intact on this mount.When I pulled the mount out of the box, there was rust already present on the joint for the mounting face. It wasn't too bad, so I figured I would continue with installation.I managed to get the mount installed (mostly) and hoisted my TV upon the mount fairly easily. I will commend the mount for being easy to set up, even with attaching a large TV by myself.After getting the TV on there, I immediately noticed it had tilted severely. I took the TV off and went to tighten one of the bolts into the wall that I had forgotten to secure completely. Quarter of a turn into tightening this bolt, it sheered. This bolt was not even tightened all the way against the wall yet.
i bought a funky double hinged wall mount from amazon and it did not work. I went to best buy and they said to purchase this $350 wall mount they had, I snagged a pic of the measurements and extension ability from the box, came home and found this one to be near similar. Needless to say I now have my 47 in LG flat screen securely mounted and sitting pretty in the corner of my living room.
TV mount is excellent; sturdy, well made and at a great price.  Included excellent directions, screws and cable.Delivery was quick. A great purchase.
Best bet for the money...works best when weight is in the middle of the weight range...simple installation with a stud finder...screws down secure...best to loosen bolts to articulate the way you like before hanging...I've bought three, you will love it!
Fast Shipment!!! I would definitely recommend.to friends and family to buy as a back charger so you have something to recharge the Nook HD and HD+.
This item didn't disappoint. It's sturdy, has all the screws included for different flat screen models and yes, it works well.
GREAT PRICE AROUND HERE IT WOULD COST $150 WELBUILT AND IT WAS DELIVER ON TIME IF YOU NEED A TV MOUNT THS IS THE ONE
Must be made in third world country to inferior specs.  This holds position kind of like a wet diaper.  I am sorely disappointed but I guess you get what you pay for.
This mount works really well once you get it up and going.  Only problem is just the arms are a little goofy getting them all in the right spot.  But that's really not too big an issue considering all the different TV's and their mounting hole locations.
Easy to install, works perfectly on a 40" Westinghouse LCD!  Includes all hardware required for almost any application.  Highly recommended!
I bought this because it was the cheapest Mount on the market. It was easier to install because you only have to find one stud instead of two.
We have no name tv's at work (Elemnet) and it fit those without an issue.It comes with the allen wrench and a cheap box end but no levels or stud finders that some of the more expensive models have
It looks exactly as it did in the picture.  It's sturdy and well constructed.  It's not the easiest thing to hang, but I did it alone and had no major problems.  It's holding a 37" TV now and it's been up for a month and I haven't noticed any bowing.  The flexibility allows for a large range of movement which is nice.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a wall mount to hold a bigger TV.
The mount itself seems fine, it just didn't work with the Phillips tv we bought....the 'x' arm things did not line up and if they did then the 'x' parts would have covered the holes for the inputs...........we ended up using one we had had around here.......seems to be built well though and sturdy
The mount works, but it is unrefined compared to other brands out there. Purchased because it was on sale. just ok.
I bought this when I moved and I love that my TV is mounted.  This mounting bracket is perfect my TV and it moves so many ways.
its good quality, works great, ez to install used it to hang a 42 in tv, would buy it again
Perfect price and works like a charm. Can't beat it. I would recommend this product to anyone. I have had them for over a month with no issues. Easy install.
I used this product to mount my 32 inch Olevia. It is working good so far.  I don't really plan to do too much movement, but I wanted to have the option.  This mount does the trick.  It seems to be a good value.  It is not flimsy, but just based on its small size, if you TV weighs more than 35 lbs don't plan on doing too much movement. The instructions don't give you the hint, but I suggest unbolting the plate from the arm, securing it to the TV, mounting the rest of the arm to the wall, and the rebolting the TV/plate onto the arm.
This unit works just like the TEC unit only better. I like it and would buy another if needed. OK?
We just moved into a new house and there was only one stud on the small wall we wanted the tv on. We went from a double studded mount to this. We were nervous, with a 46'' tv, but this has done the job well for months now. We pushed it back to the wall completely and there is still room to hide the cable box behind the tv. My only complaint is that when you push it flush with the wall the tv is a little off center; it's not that noticeable though.
My son in law put it up for me in my bedroom.  My TV looks really nice and you can tilt it up, down and sideways.  I'm totally satisfied with it.
My 11 year-old daughter saved her money for a long time to purchase an eBook reader. She finally selected a NOOK Touch and purchased the eBook (only) without the extended warranty. She selected the NOOK because of the plethora of free books offered for this platform and because of the touch screen display.The touch screen shattered after a week of light use. Unfortunately, this breakage is not covered under the normal NOOK warranty. She was devastated.I gave her the now-ancient Kindle 1 that we acquired in 2007. This Kindle has traveled extensively and seems absolutely bullet-proof.Neither my daughter nor I will purchase another NOOK. The NOOK Simple Touch is a piece of junk.
Unbelievable price for such a great item, it has a great design and seems pretty sturdy and reliable to keep your T.V. safe.
My husband and I were very hesitant about this product because it didn't cost an arm and a leg. You know the old saying, &#34; You get what you pay for.&#34; Well, in this case, we got a great product for super cheap! We have owned in for a while now and had no problems whatsoever! It is on a 26&#34; LED tv in our son's room.
It's really good easy to install no hurry to get what you need comes with everything to hang your tv or monitor a few tools that's it!!!
2nd time i ordered this one . shipping much better this time. no problems. easy install. but be aware when you fold the mount flat there is a 1-2 inch difference between folding right or folding the mount left.
Quality was excellent. Instructions were clear. It was not clear about a tilt feature, but there was enough to level it when I finished. Be careful to get the wall bracket real vertical. (I was using it for a 23 inch computer screen so I really need it to be level for reading.) Everything I needed plus lots of extra hardware for different situations.
Great value for a wall mount arm,  lots of options and works well,  comes with a wide variety of hardware to mount in any situation
Strong and easy to install. Fits my old flat screen and new flat screen. Nice for the bedroom where you can angle the TV for your comfort.
Easy install!! Looks great and works great for what we need!! Purchased for game room, took 5 min. to install and 1 min. to set TV on. Great!!
The cable is very wobbly and sometimes disconnects itself.The price is completely unfair and only works with the Nook HD and HD+
Before purchasing a wall mount for my Hitachi 31&#34; flat screen TV I took the time to read several customer reviews (which I found extremely helpful.)  I ordered the VideoSecu Swing Arm TV Wall Mount after reviewing my TV's Owner's Manual and measuring the mount connections on my TV.  The wall mount arrived much sooner than the estimated delivery time.  Installation was simple.  The price was right.  I would highly recommend this product.
Easy to install, worked perfect. Even included a HDMI cable that I wasn't expecting and saved me even more money.
This is a heavy duty bracket and I successfully mounted a 32 inch Sansui LCD TV in about 2 hours, taking my time. There are two "tools" provided. One is a hex key and it works. The other in a small box wrench. Throw the box wrench away as it is at least 1mm larger than the lags bolts provided and thus slips when used, could cause minor injury, and is totally useless. BTW, the pre- mounted bolts, as shipped, are torqued on tightly, watch the fingers and hands so as not to mash them once the torque pressure is released as you untighten them.  I strongly suggest using your own tools. Either a racket wrench or correct size box wrench. The lag bolts provided for mounting are large and should be mounted in a wall stud 2x4. To prevent splitting the stud, drill progressively larger pilot holes until you acheive the size correct for the mounting the lag bolts. The instructions are minimal and vague. For instance, there is a small component provided which looks like a screw cap with a small barbell thru the top.  Interesting, but here is no explanation what it is for. Also the mounting lag bolts should be six in number; only five were included in my shipment, so I winged it with a lag bolt of my own.  Mounting the TV to the TV plate has to be somewhat intuitive; screws are provided for most configurations. In summary, I liked this product but it has the snags, the bewilderments, and the amusements and the WTFs that plague most manufactured products made in China. For the price, we don't get German engineered quality or Swiss logic.  Bottom line is that it works.
My daughter came home from college and arranged her bedroom like her dorm room with a sitting area and a sleeping area. She likes to watch the one TV in both areas and this worked out perfect.  Adjusts easy and fit our 32&#34; flat screen without a problem.
I have a 37" LCD TV too HEavy for the mount. 1. it didn't come with the extension kit for the 37" tv to fit on it. So, I bought it spending another $20+ finally put it together and now my 37" LCD TV is too heavy for me to feel safe putting this on the wall. Also, it is really difficult to try to put on the wall it is deffinetly a 2 person job. I think this would only be good for your monitor for a computer and right above a desk incase it falls but deffinetly don't trust it with my TV
Swing arm worked just perfect for our needs! It now holds a 37&#34; TV at the perfect position for viewing in an otherwise awkward corner of the room. Yes, the swing arm was stiff at first, but just move it around a little and it loosens up enough to position it where it needs to be. I wouldn't want it swinging around freely, anyway. For the price, it absolutely cannot be beat! Comparable products inthe store were well over $100!
Easy, quick install. Carries the weight of the 32 inch easily. couldn't swear to it's performance on a 55 inch tv.
Turned a 39&#34; LED Emerson into a huge screen with the 24&#34; extension. Installation was simple, I'm not a contractor by any means but I installed everything in less than 2 hours, I took my time with measurements and leveling though as you should as well!Option 2 for the mounting onto the TV is what worked for me, I believe I ran a 400x300 configuration. Unbelievable buy for how cheap it was but the materials and overall FEEL of it is as good as it can get. Swivels, and tilts - my room is ready for FIFA World Cup 2014!
With just the one arm going out from the wall, I was worried that it wouldn't hold up my 55 inch TV. When the TV is completely extended, the arm does sag a little bit, but it's not bent or anything, it's just the hinge. It seems to be doing it's job and it's not damaging my TV or my wall.Also, I love all the angles that I can move my TV.  the room that it's in is rather large and I'm glad that I can turn it almost 180 for when I'm on either side of the room. :-) It was a great great price, and I would recommend it!
Set up & installation took time, & NO written installation instructions, only 'pictures'.But like the way it works & that we could put our HD antenna directly on the back of it.Would recommend it to anyone wanting a good mount for a good price.
I purchesed this mount to accomendate my 32 inch LCD tv. It works fairly well. The only problem is that it's swivel points are metal to metal and require a little grease to make them move eaiser. Other than that it is a solid mount for the price.
This TV stand is being used for our 32" Vizio. The hardware included was perfect and the stand bolted right up. I did need a socket and ratchet. Getting the TV into place however, was a bit more difficult. I recommend having a second person to install. One to hold the TV in place while another lines up and inserts the screws into the back of the TV. This wall mount is pretty strong, and seems to hold my TV's weight without any strain.
I order about 5 or 6 of these mount and I love them is easy to put together and affordable its a strong mount I this everyone should have one for there tv
never was loud enough. trying to get rand to repair it now. had to buy a new set of head phones to find out if the problem was in the speaker or elswhere. hole for audio output is 2.5mm, really a bad idea rand! all external speakers have 3.5mm plugs, mp3 players 3.5. pain in the butt. i loved my tom tom but 53 foot trl. and residential areas dont mix. tom tom has 35? different voices .... rand 2. speed limit for trucks in il. is 65 on interstates except for chi. area but rand says 55 everwhere. needs a seperate clock, not just eta or clock, needs both. loved the announcement ... arrive dest. on right or left when i could hear it.,.......... just got it back from rand fast turnaround 4 days speaker now works but still not loud enough for an old man in a screaming truck with the window opened acrack to let the smoke out, mp3 or xm up loud etc. found a speaker at pilot that fits.....for telephones, has to have a seperate power source.... i wouldnt advise buy this gps ,too many bugs in it.
Just so you know ... you need to put something in front of the reader so the pages don't turn.  I think the &#34;pocket&#34; in front hits the glass and makes the page turn back (sometimes several pages).
This mount is much lower priced than anything I have seen in the retail stores (including Walmart). It is a little flexible & wobbly, so it would not be the best in an area where kids would mess with it.  That is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  I use it in a bedroom up high, where it won't be messed with.  It does everything I need it to do at a great price, so it is perfect for me.
This is great for the price and actually even better then expensive ones. I bought this for my 55in RCS and fit like a glove. Also, the instructions very easy to read and set up. I was able to hang my TV in less then 15 min. I am buying again for my addtional living room. For the price you cannot beat people.
I just got this mount to mount my 23 Coby TV. The mount plate covers all of the video and HDMI outlets on the back of the tv. The area for the power is blocked as well. I am going to have to take it to a machine shop and have them cut the plate below the mount holes. The chassis in these tv's should be pretty much the same, so you would think this company would take this in consideration. I am sure I am not the only one to come across this. There should of been a warning when I bought this mount!!!!!
This wall mount does everything it's supposed to do.  The piece that attaches to the wall isn't overly long, which made it easier to mount the arm in the tight space I needed to mount it in.  The only issues I saw was that the joints were VERY tight initially and as we moved the arm around to install it, the joints loosened up to the point where I had to take the included allen wrench and tighten them up again.
have not gotten it mounted yet so only time will tell if it is a good product.  Purchased it for my brother who decided not to use it and am now going to have it mounted in my living room.
This worked out great for mounting a 22 inch. LCD in our guest room.Very easy to mount and works great.Great price also.
I have 3 swivel mounts and this one is not the best. If you don't use the swivel feature frequently or don't place it where it may be bumped it will do the job. I prefer the strength and stability offered by mounts which have TWO arms extending from a longer wall bracket. These more stable brackets can be found at similar or slightly higher prices. Also look for a feature which allows the TV Bracket (and TV) to be lifted off the swivel arm more conveniently.
I bought this case because I loved the color and quote on it. I was extremely happy when it came due to the great quality of the leather and how durable it feels when you hold it. I have used it for over a year now and it is still in great condition. I would recommend this to anybody.
Received the wall mount but not the free bubble level and HDMI cable as advertised.  Amazon had no solution other than just send me a label to return the mount.  I have no idea if the mount is good or not since I never put it up.  I only got the mount from Amazon because of the cable to use with it... I found the mount cheaper on another site and will buy it from them instead.
I've got a 32" Sony Bravia flat pannel TV that just about maxes out the compacity of the mount, but it looks really good.  There's a little sag, but only because I have the mount extended to keep the TV at a 45 deg angle on the corner.  I would buy this again, and as a matter of fact I might buy it soon, as I plan to mount another TV.  Great Product!!
Product arrived on time and was easy to assemble. Just as easy to hang on the wall and is currently holding a 46" Sanyo.
ASIN:0972683275 VideoSecu Articulating LCD LED TV Wall Mount for 22" to 37" Flat Screen with VESA 100 200 Mount Pattern 1XE]]  this wall unit was very easy to install, has all the hardware needed, and does an excellent job of allowing you to maneuver your TV to any position you want, also the price was unbelivable.  we mounted it on a wall that has about a six inch offset, with the unit having the maneuability that it has it was exactly what we needed. our TV is a 32" Toshiba Flat Screen.  if you need a mount for your flat screen TV and it is not over 50 lbs i can highly recommend this unit.
I received the mount, which was well packaged for shipping.  The installation instructions were Moderately clear.  No issues following them, they were just a little disjointed depending on the wall surface you were installing on.My shipment had a mis-cut piece, and was missing 4 screws.  I contacted the Manufacturer, and they shipped me a replacement part and screws the very next day (Shipped out of Texas, so normal mailing times applied)I like how the Mount fits together, and I easily mounted my 60lbs TV by myself.  The part that attaches to the TV has a hook that will hold the TV on the Arm till you bolt it on.It's very adjustable, and pushes almost flush with the wall.I'm very happy, but took one star for the miscut piece.
Sturdy and easy to install. It's a little stiff in its movement but it is nicely adjustable and gets the TV out of the way and up against the wall when desired.
This is an outstanding rack for a fraction of the cost of competitors wall racks.  Good instructions, easy to follow.  Providing a solid platform for our new bedroom TV.  I was interested in a small rack for our 24" TV and not a mnonster on the wall.  Well made product, excellent value.
This product was easy to install and worked as advertised. I would use this again if te need arrises. The look and strength made this a good fit for a tv wall mount.
Works perfectly for our 47&#34; LCD TV and we've notice no dipping or bending from weight even when moved.  I'm glad we didn't go with the $135.00 one in the store.
Good deal.  Easy to install.  If your walls are cement behind dry wall no problem but you'll need a cement drill bit.  Measure the back hole inputs of your tv to make sure the holes match before buying this.  Some 32 inch tvs have large rectangular holes versus smaller squared off holes.  The forward tilt is good but there's no way to adjust level so make sure the mount to the wall is correct.
Allows me to move my tv to a position of my choosing. Able to be comfortable watching tv or playing games
This mount is easy to install and very sturdy and is very functional and very affordable for the price. A+
I needed a wall mount that would allow my 46&#34; screen to be my computers display and my TV. The screen is a couple inches from the wall right now, and when I'm ready to watch TV, I pull it out about two feet, move back to my recliner, and watch TV. The mounts movement isn't real fluid, but it works. It doesn't tilt up or down, but I don't really need it to. At $30, it was a much cheaper option than I could find elsewhere.
This wall mount came with very easy to follow instructions. I used this to mount my LG LCD TV and it took less than 15 minutes. A lot of the reviewers say that it is difficult to move the articulating arm. It is difficult, but I would rather it be tight fitting so it does not bounce and swing around. If you are using the tilt feature, there is a nut that needs to be tightened once you have the degree of tilt you desire. We did not tighten out bolt because we wanted our tilted; however, if you do not want it fully tilted, you will need to tighten the bolt. I will be purchasing more mounts for my bedroom, my kids bedrooms and my kitchen. I should have purchased this years ago when I first bought my flat screen!
Installed very easy, very secure, inexpensive, very flexible and easy to use.  Just pre drill and angle the outside bolts inward (2 are centered, 4 are on the edges) a bit towards the center of the wall stud so they grab better. The cover plate will hide angled bolt heads.
This product is sturdy as ever.  Whatever angle we are watching within our fifth-wheel trailer, we can maneauver to that position and tilt our tv for great viewing.  Wonderful product!  Easy to install.
We were very impressed! It was easy to easy to install and it is very functional for a great price!
I just got this TV mount and I have to say, that I am really impressed with everything about this. It came very well package, and had a diagram on the OUTSIDE of the box, so you can actually just follow that, oh and it does come with easy instructions. You dont need to be a rocket scientist to hang this up. I was lucky enough to NOT have to use the arms, as I have a newer Samsung 40 inch. No sag, very sturdy This was very easy to install. I would def. recommend.Pros:1. Great packaging2. Easy to install3. Worth every pennyCons:None, just buy it.
great price, easy to install, works perfect.  would recommend this product to everyone. nice to have no more TV stands on the floor.
I bought this to mount my Sony 50 in. tv and it works awesome. Impressive for price it's a great buy
Very functional and worth the price but not very sturdy. I have had to go back and retighten a few times. If you have no intention of using the articulating arms, it will be fine, but if you use it a lot you will have to check the screws on a regular basis.
This mount was purchased for a 24-in monitor.Primarily because it allows the television to be moved to several different positions. The construction of the mount is extremely sturdy. The included HDMI cable is just the icing on the cake. The instructions are clearly labeled.For the price, you simply can't get a better deal.
this item arrived on time and works awesome it is now holding my 32&#34; tv and it was shipped in a great and timely fashion
Santa brought me a 47&#34; Vizio Smart 3D TV (M3D470KDE) for Christmas and I came to Amazon looking for a reasonably priced wall mount for it. After reading the reviews and the specs of this wall mount, I made the purchase. I got the free shipping and it arrived sooner than I expected, which is always good.It took me around 30 minutes to install this mount from opening the box to plugging everything back in. It has plenty of adjustments, articulates as expected, and holds this TV fully extended without issues. I recommend using a stud finder and drilling pilot holes for the stud screws and using a good ratchet & socket to drive the wood screw into the stud. I'm glad there  is only one stud to find and only two holes that need to be drilled, which makes it easy for anyone. lolAll in all, I'm very happy I got this wall mount instead of a more expensive one that does the same job.
Does what it's intended for below pricing found on other brands. I have a 32" mo nted in the bedroom with this. Seems sturdy emough for it...went up easily. Only reason for docking one star is the difficulty in adjusting the unit in the beginning. You really need (on my unit at least) to work it for a while before installing so you don't have to put so much stress on the mounts once installed. It was VERY stiff and took quite a bit of muscle to loosen it up enough to adjust...even with the adjusters loosened for this purpose...suppose it's better to have it too tight than loose and have the tv "drift" around.For $25.00 that I paid for a decent mount that has the range of angles...great find.
I used this mount for an LG 32 inch LCD so it only needed to hold 30lbs which it is doing no problem.  I am only able to screw in two of the four screws to the back, but it seems to work just fine.  I saw in the other reviews complaints about the bolts and the need to make sure you mount the unit level as it does not adjust to compensate in that manor.  I think they must have addressed these problems because the bolts provided are sturdy and the tv has some play to compensate for any mistakes in mounting.
I bought this mainly because of the distance the arm could reach.  It was 24&#34; and most were around 12-16&#34;  I had been looking in stores but good quality ones were beyond insanely expensive. I decided to give it a try based off amazon reviews and was extremely happy with it.  So much so, I bought a second one for a different tv in another room.
Tried mounting this on a Vizio 28" and a Sony 32". Didn't match up with the holes on the Sony and covered the RWY slots on the Vizio.So it is not compatible with 2 of the most popular brands in these sizes. Seems like a study unit, may be good for larger models. I think it would be good for Amazon to check compatibility and inform customers if unit will not adapt to certain brands since the holes on the back of the TV's do not seem to be universal.
This GPS ROCKS!! Dont even bother with other questionable units. The extra features alone make this one of the best GPS purchases you will ever make. There is too much to list, but it is one of my daily driving tools that I couldent live without. Sure it's a little spendy, but the updates are free and lifetime. The timers and logs feature alone saves me a lot of time and keeps me infrmed when my driving day is current and legal.
This product seems to be well constructed. The only problem I had was that I didn't pay attention to the VESA size of my TV so I had to order an adapter, but this was my fault.
This stand fit perfectly in my brothers room. His tv was just sitting on top of his burow taking up space, so I bought this to create more room and it was just what he needed. Having the adjustable arms make it easy to swing the tv around to different angles and such. Well worth the $25.00
Just to know that the TV will sit off center of where the base is placed. Other than that it has held up and worked.
I like this mount because of the tilt function and more importantly, because of the extension.  I also like the multiple ways to attach the mount depending on the tv size.  It arrived on expected time and was fairly easy to install. If I ever need another mount,  I will buy another just like it,
Awesome price and works fantastic! Easy to install and fit my 55 inch samsung smart tv perfectly. Glad i found this one before i bought one twice as much in a store!
I purchased this to move a Vizio 32" off a counter. The unit arrived very quickly and seems well made - that is until you start using it.Installation was quick and easy, apart from using the supplied wrench, which did not last for installation of more than two of the supplied six screws before losing it's grip. I finished installation with my own adjustable wrench, so this is something to be aware of as you may have to provide your own tools.My major concern is the arm of the mount. Although it supports the TV (27 pounds), the arm tends to sag when extended which defeats the purpose of the mount. If you will use the TV flush with the wall, it works well, but expect problems with tilt and sag when the TV is extended.I will keep this unit, but the next mount will be a different make and/or model.
NOT AS STURDY AS I WOULD LIKE IN THBE A BETTER COLOR.E 3 DIMENTIONAL MOVEMENT, WHITE WOULD BE A BETTER COLOR. .
I haven't been able to understand why this product is getting decent reviews.  It is definitely not sturdy enough for the 32 inch LCD screen that I bought for my mom, the joints are too stiff to easily adjust the angle of the TV and the screen hangs awkwardly lower than mounting brackets because of the weak joints.  I am returning this.  A better option is a mount that has 2 stability points on the first arm (above and below stability) [...]
5 stars because it was an excellent purchase. It came with all the required parts, the assembly had clear instructions and was easy to install. I am using it for a Sony Bravia 32&#34;... I've had it for 4 months so far and it works great.
We have purchased this unit for a 3rd room we are mounting television on wall in.  We have been completely pleased with how it has held a 32 inch and 40+ inch television in other rooms.  Highly recommend this product!
Sturdy, swivels nicely. Very happy with this product.
I purchased this product not to use in commerical trucking but rather to use when I am traveling with my 5th wheel RV.  So far this product as been very good.  Rand McNally folks seem to be working to continue to improve the software along with prompt updates.  Although designed for the trucking industry it works great for us RV folks as well.  I found for a 2500 HD pickup the unit is a little large for the windshield.  I use the unit with a mount that fits in my cup holder and that has worked out great.  I would recommend this product.
Great bargain for what you get. I wish it could adjust with having to turn bolts.I would recommend this to a friend.
shipped on time. and it looks great. mounted it in family room.  but the advantage is it rotates so that i can point it in the kitchen too.
Most of these individually wrapped wipes are dried up when I open them. I have bought these elsewhere and have been happy with them as they work very well to clean my computer screen. Not so with these since they don't work at all when they are dry. The only thing I can figure is that these are old stock.
quickly shipped to my house and mounted myself. i ordered this for my 32 inch Phillips LCD tv and for the price i paid its a great value. does the job that any other higher priced wall mounts can do. would recommand
Product arrived in a timely manor and in new condition.  The only negative was the arm drops slightly at the elbow joint (due to weight of the TV).  This was / is easy to correct because this model has a tilt adjustment.  I would buy this product again.
I was so excited by the price...the one i wanted at walmart was $159 dollars,  Once I recieved this one, i could see a big difference from the one I was considering.  It doesn't move fluidly at all...the instructions even say put it where you want it and tighten the screws.  I wanted one the could tilt out to watch in from bed them push back against the wall.  If that is what you what...DONT GET THIS ONE.  It seems unsturdy stretched all the way out with a 32in tv also.If you are like me, and dont want to shell out a lot of money, this one will be fine to mount , push it back against the wall, tighten screws and leave it.  Even the screen tilt scfrew.  Also, if mounting a bigger tv....all the screws are really close together and its a lot of weight in one spot.  It seems solid for now...but I haved got complete faith in it.Overall great for the price if you want to mount it and leave it.  If you want one to constant move around...you gotta spend some bucks.
I am using this mount for a 39 inch Vizio TV and it has been great. The installation process was quick and easy and we LOVE the variety of angles that you can get from this mount. We have it on a side wall in our bedroom and we can pull the tv out and move it completely perpendicular to the wall on which it is mounted if we want to. (We don't usually move it quite perpendicular, but it works to do this.)My only complaint is that the joints are a little on the stiff side. It takes quite a bit of force to move the TV from one position to another. It's a little hard for my wife to do-- especially with the TV mounted about 6ft up on the wall. It may be possible to loosen these pivot points, but I have not tried. I'm a little nervous about making it less stable if I do.Overall, it's a great mount. Highly recommended.
thanks now I can play with my tablet and charger it so it was a great deal and now it works
The best thing about it?  The parts came in separated pouches with labels on them.  Very organized!  Installing and mounting was not a problem.
VERY CONVENIENT for the tv AND STURDY CONSTRUCTION. GREAT BUY! Would definitely recommend buying this product! EASY TO INSTALL ALSO!
I am usually leery of &#34;universal&#34; tools of any kind, but this one actually worked pretty well. Sturdy, fairly easy to figure out how to install it (I am one of those guys that never wants to read the directions) so, I am happy with th emount.If only the TV was as good.
Love the price and Love the quality.  Super easy to install what's not to like about it. Would defiantly buy it again.
Could not be happier, absolutely perfect.Clean looking solid build, beat the shat out of  my bedroom unit (payed twice as much)
This item serves its purpose as well as any other mount.  Its most appealing attribute is its large range of motion.  I am using this to corner-mount a 32" TV and it works perfectly to hide the mount, receptacles, and cables behind the TV.  Very easy installation as well.
I had read a couple of bad reviews about this product - that it was hard to put up but we purchased it anyway. My husband had it installed in no time and we love it. This was our first flat screen TV and we have it in our bedroom and this bracket is perfect for it. Thank you.
I use this arm to mount my 39 inch Vizio. I'm surprised my TV has a 100x100 mount thingy. It can tilt left and right, up and down. I do wish it swiveled the TV so that it wasn't crooked. When the bolts get loose, my TV looks crooked.
Pro's: Easy to setup.  Supports many different VESA formats. Has some articulation.  Sturdy construction.  Can be installed by one person w/o too much effort.Con's: Cable guides fall off easily.  The joints are a bit too stiff; you really have to man-handle it to get it fully extended, and you have to push fairly hard to get it to compact again.  So far I have not noticed any wear from this firm pulling/pushing, but I worry because it is only attached to the studs buy 2 bolts.
I put this on my outdoor deck using a 32' Vizio LCD. It is strong and tilts in all directions so it is easy to turn to the right angle that you need to view it, left to right and up and down. Highly recommend.
I ordered these for my sons bedrooms for there 32 inch tv's and they went up very easily with a stud finder. I had both units that i bought up and the tv's were hung in less than an hour each. the quality is very comparable to that you would get from walmart but, it was half the price. I am getrting one for the living room next. cant wait.
My boyfriend and I spent hours looking for the one I wanted. We came across this one and it was cheap!  After reading lots of reviews I didn't expect much from it, but it is perfect. It's holding my 32 inch Vizio  tv in my bedroom perfectly. My boyfriend did tighten lots of different bolts on it after it was up so it would be completely level. I think the people that say it sags didn't do this. He did use his own level and not the one it came with. I helped him when he did this. I held the tv in the position that made it level and he tightened lots of stuff until it held it there. I have had it up for a couple months with no problem. I love it. Perfect for the price. The hardest part was finding the stud. My apt complex had them every 22 inches on the wall I wanted it on:/
Installed easy and in no time at all (finding the stud was the hardest part for me).  Articulates well with the 40&#34; TV on it. I would not hesitate to look for this brand when it is time for the next TV mount.
I liked this product for it's value , quality and items included to make the installation so easy .. Will tell all my friends !!!!
I bought this with a Coby TFTV3225 since I wanted a wall mount and it was in the recommended items section - it does not fit!! The TV is a VESA 200 400 not 100 200. Yes, it was already on the wall when I realized this. Since it's in the "Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought:" section, there must be a lot of returns...
Lost the charger that came whith my nook.  Barns and Noble wanted about $30.00 for this charger. This one worls like a charm.
It didn't come with the extenders like pictured. You also have to off center the screws that go into the stud because they all don't fit onto the stud.
After reading other reviews and becoming worried about the cap popping off, I'm pleased to say that this has not been an issue with mine.  It's surprisingly handing to have a pen/stylus combo on hand at all times and the stylus part is very responsive.  I haven't had any problems yet with the stylus portion but I am a bit worried that it could pop off as I've had this problem with other styli.  The tip is a bit softer than other styli I've had so I'll be watching.  Otherwise though, I love this thing.
I was hesitant because of the price but after looking at the reviews I decided to go ahead and purchase one. This is the first time I mounted a TV on the wall so I didn't know exactly what to expect. I put a 32" Toshiba LCD on it. Mount is strudy and has good adjustments. Installed it in about 20 minutes. Works great and I would definately recommend this for a low cost alternative for mounting a tv.
now i can charge my nook anywhere, no need for pc. a touch pricey at about $10, but i'm happy.
Well constructed wall mount for TV sets up to 37 inches. The mounting  plate has numerous holes for varius sets. Plenty of extra hardware provided. Price was about 1/8th of what it would cost on the open market. I recommend it highly.
Very good and very simple to install, but if you don&#8217;t pressure enough one of the screws it does not balances well in to the wall, so be very Shure to have it done by an expert or someone that does it very well
Lost my charger for my Nook.  Purchased this one and it works as good as the one that can with my Nook.Thanks for a Great Product and Great Price.
Always a little hesitant about buying something like this sight unseen.  After reading the reviews I decided to give it a try.  I was very pleasantly surprised. The stand was very heavy duty and installed easily. The HDMI cable that came with unit was a high quality gold tipped cable that works perfectly. The same cable was about $20 at target. This mount worked perfect to mount my 32" LCD TV in a wall corner location. This and the similar Units on Amazon are a fraction of the cost from local retailers and are just as good if not better. I would recommend this to anyone in need of a TV stand.
Installation was relatively easy with this mount,  I have a similar one on another tv in the house.  everything is very straight forward except for putting the TV on the mount.  options are either install tv to mount then secure whole mount to wall,  or the reverse.  with a 32" tv this isn't too bad.  The other style mount I have has a plate that mounts to tv then hooks to the bracket on wall holding tv in place while you permanently secure it. This one does not have that,  with two people this mount would be a breeze,  but by myself trying to hold a 32" tv 7 feet off the ground,  line up the screw holes and install the screws so i could let the tv go was a major pain.
Great product I like it very much and it moves my tv to view from several positions.  Great price also
Look at what they charge out at Best Buy, etc.  Get this and save our $$$$!  And it came very promptly.
Works great and is so much cheaper than the more expensive versions at the Big box stores. It is super easy to install yourself too. You just need a drill and a ratchet set to get it into the stud (oh yea a stud finder too).
Excellent quality, solid metal construction, easy to install.  The only problem for me was that the plate that attaches to my TV partially covered the TV power cord receptacle and fully covered the cable input.  Since I am using the TV as netflix/Blu-ray monitor with a HDMI connection, the cable input wasn't a problem, but the power cord was a problem.  I solved it by using the bottom two holes on the plate to attach to the top two holes on the TV instead of all 4.  This is certainly not ideal, but since my TV is 22" and very light and I don't move the monitor, it works for me.
We bought this for the tv in our gym as it gets moved around a bit.  It's definitely sturdy and works well.  Our tv in there is 24&#34;,
I used it to mount a 32" LCD TV to the wall... about 28LBS.  I installed it in less than 1/2 hour and am very happy with the results.PROS:-Comes with all of the hardware you'll need-Comes with some extra hardware of which I have NO IDEA what it is there for.  I suspect it's a 'universal' hardware pack for several models and not all hardware is used for all models, but it's nice to have a little 'extra' (which is always better than not enough!)-The included Level is nice... well it's cheap but it works!-The instructions did a decent enough job of explaining how to install the unit.CONS:-Metal is just a tad on the flimsy side.  I have no problems trusting it with my &lt;30lb television but if I were to mount something closer to its maximum rated weight of 55lbs, I think I would be quite a bit nervous about it holding up.-The holes in the base were just a little bit too wide for my wall stud.  I think the particular stud I was installing it onto was a typical 2X4 and if centered, the left and right side holes were just a little too far to grab both sides of the stud.  I had to reposition it so that the center holes were aligned to the left side of the stud, and that the right side holes were aligned to the right side of the stud.  As a result, I was only able to install four of the six bolts to hold it in place, but I don't feel it will be an issue with my 28LB television.  If your house uses wider studs this probably wouldn't even be an issue.-The metal does sag just a little bit with the weight of the television on it.  I mounted the base just a little bit "off level" to help compensate for this, and had no problems getting the television level using the adjustments available to me.CONCLUSION:  All in all It's not a bad unit.. ESPECIALLY for the price.  Yes I would have liked to see a sturdier unit, but when you take into account the &lt;$30 price tag, it's an excellent bargain.  I don't think I'll have any issue with a static mounting of my TV in the corner of the bedroom *BUT* if you are considering installing this unit for a television that will see a lot of traffic, constant repositioning, etc... then you might want to spend more money on something sturdier.
I received my power cord in a very quick manner and although I haven't opened it because it's for a friends Nook, I'm grateful the seller was able to get it to me so fast and in perfect condition.
I have a 47&#34; TV and had no place to put it in my bed room. With this mount it use the space i had a poster hanging. Very easy to install, came with all hard ware.
We have this in our living room and it displays our flat screen beautifully, I can't believe we waited to long to get one!
Heavy duty construction, easy to install, could have easer adjustment knobs as I use this on an RV and constantly make mount adjustments. Other than that this is a great product for the price and I would recommend it to anyone.
I bought this item to replace the original charger that I'd lost. think is pricey and I was disappointed when I noticed the box only had the adapter, as the original box had both the plug and adapter. Don't buy just by the picture displayed, make sure to read the description. I am still missing the USB cable
I got this aas a gift for my mom she just purchased a new tv and wanted to hang it. It seems durable and she is happy with it. So I guess for the price I would recommend it to others.
Works like a charm! Lies flat on the wall when I want it too and pulls out and swivels like a charm when I need it too!The instructions call for it to be mounted into a stud in the wall, however mine is mounted directly into the drywall using heavy duty anchors and it works perfect as well! This is a great product for an amazing price!
This wall mount was very easy to install and sturdy. The swing arm is very convenient and allows me to see the TV from 3 rooms of the house.
As long as you know how to use a level, a stud finder, a drill, and a wrench you can easily install this mount.  After shopping around at a whole bunch of stores I realized that you couldn't find one for this cheap, so I picked it up and was amazed with how well it was constructed.  Just a note, having 2 people help a lot just to making lining up parts easier.
The mount arrived on time and it was nicely packaged.  I read through the instructions and found that a bolt had to be loosened in order to adjust the tilt and then it needed to be retightened.  I used the wrench provided in the box.  Not only did the wrench strip, but so did the bolt!  It has been returned.  It's defective! Don't spend a dime on this cheap China crap.  August 13 update:  Now,the vendor will not refund this defective mount in full.  They are charging me shipping, even though I used their return label.
The charger works perfectly! .my original charger that came with my nook never worked very well it ended up breaking. I ordered this one and got a few days later.
It works great for our 42&#34; TV. It was very easy, It only took my husband and I about 30-40 minutes to install.
My mount came in without any hardware. No bolts, washers, sleeves, anchors,or spanners. I did check the box for the proper model number (ML563B), and I did check the description to make sure hardware should have been included (&#34;Standard hardware and user manual included.&#34;).Amazon offered me a return at no cost, as they shipped it but did not sell the product. My options were to refund for another model, reorder the same model and risk the same issue, or just buy the hardware myself. I spent nearly $10 on hardware, but my 40&#34; television is securely mounted to the wall. The arms are a bit stiff, but they don't move once they've been adjusted. It has the right tilt for mounting near the ceiling.
Easy to attach. Easy to adjust. Very Solid and secure. Used on a clients 29&#34; LED with built in DVD.
Didn't work, had to send back
Fit my TV perfectly, a snap to install on both TV and wall. I can now watch my TV at any angle I please
Very impressed with the quality and surprised by the price. Purchased three for flat screens. The largest is a 55 inch Samsung !
TV plate that attaches to TV mount will not fit my TV. I was buying this as a replacement mount since I was moving the TV into the bedroom and needed a tilting mount. Possibly shame on me for having a generic made tv and not knowing the exact VESA mounting pattern but I have used the same TV with another universal mount with no issues. Problem was that where my mounting holes in the TV were, I would have almost had to drill a home made hole in the metal to accomodate the tv.  I needed a hole exactly in the middle of where the mount curves inward.If this mount would have worked, I would have given it 4 stars.  Seems to be reasonably well made for the price with a heavy metal. Definitely much better quality from the speaker mounts I bought from the same manufacturer.  The only negative I saw what the tilt motion.  Instructions make it seem like the tilt is accomplished where the tv meets the mount.  This is in fact not true.  You have to loosen a bolt near where the mount holds to the wall and position the mount up and down on a curved insert.  So if installing, be aware that if you need the tilt to arrange it before you mount.If I were actually able to make it as far as mounting to the wall, then that would have been easy.  Just make sure you have a high powered drill to make it through the stud.
Way more substantial than I thought and more than did the job as intended. Thought obviously went into how engineered. Safety an obvious by product.
It works, it moves, it moves every which way, uses one stud, you will be pleased, cheap, quality, good buy.
I bought this mount about 6-months ago; and I had to come back to review this product. This product was super easy to install into our brick wall; which at first, I believed would be impossible. You do need a hammer-drill to make the proper holes if you want to mount on a brick wall. This mount moves in all directions, and holds our 46&#34; SHARP tv perfectly. Very Stable. I will buy again for my basement.
I did research at the box stores and by far this is the best price and quality. Most of the swivels were 3 times the cost. I'm very happy customer and this was easy to install.
Easy install and great design. The product was exactly what I thought it was going to be and just as as the picture shown.
It's doesn't charge my nook at all !! I want my money back! It's more like a phone charger & changes a phone so DO NOT BUY THIS !!
Overall this product was great. Easy installation, shipped fast, and has a solid construction for a wall mount. I would recommend this product to others at such a good price.
Installation was simple. Many reviewers commented on how hard the mount was to turn... All that needed to be done was the bolt be loosened a fraction. If you wanted to go the extra step, you could spray wd-40 on it really quick and it's perfect. Can't be happier with the purchase. Put a 32 inch vizio on it and it swings freely with no problems or bend. Trust me, loosen the bolt a hair and see the difference. Those other buyers must have no mechanical sense about them.
I installed this for my sister who had a 22" Philips LCD. Nice sturdy mount, with all of the nuts, bolts, screws included. Only problem was that since my tv was so small, and I was using the most inner mounting hols on the mount, the outside edges of the mount covered both the cable connection, and the power cable connection. Instead of returning, (then paying $70 from a local store) I simply went to a hardware store, got a 1 & 1/2 inch boring tool that attaches to a hand drill, and drilled holes into the mount. It was pretty easy, but a bit messy. It is not visible after mounting the TV, so who cares?? It is one thing to consider before buying this, there may be another mount that does not cover your TV connections. Otherwise swivels well, does not sag, good value.
arrived promptly, packed wellsupprisingly held a 46&#34; tv with no problem!!!blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
In the process of turning our master bedroom into a fortress of solitude for my wife, we decided to mount ourPanasonic TC-L32X2 32-Inch 720p LCD HDTVon the wall, above the dresser, to save some space. (You can never have enough dresser space for displaying tchotchkes, amirite, fellas?) My wife wanted a fixed wall mount but I thought the viewing angle required some articulation. (In hindsight, fixed would have worked, too.) This unit was highly rated and the price was right. Sold.The installation was straightforward and fairly simple. The only point at which I needed some help was in balancing the TV while I attached it to the arm; otherwise it was all me. I think it looks great; my wife says it reminds her of being in the hospital. (Sorry, Honey.) When we mount thePanasonic VIERA TC-P42S30 42-Inch 1080p Plasma HDTVin the living room, I'll definitely use a flat mount.You could spend four times this much on an articulating TV mount, but I don't see why you would.
Another gem hidden amoungst the Amazon halls. This works well for my LED tv's. I used the heavy duty mount bolts for mounting my tv on the back porch. I hung on the sucker and it's not coming down. And I'm 190lbs!
Works Great. Holds my 40 inch TV effortlessly. Very well built. Definitely worth the price. Easy to install TV to the mount. Has cord clips. TV can be tilted up or down and sideways. Extends from the wall 24 inches. I highly recommend this brand..
it was so easy to install.  the instructions were simple and so was the process.  i was putting off the project for fear.  i should have hung the TV long ago.
This product works as advertised.  It is worth what it costs.  It doesn't quite move easy enough - almost like it needs some lubrication. But other than that, I recommend it.
This is a great wall mount.  I have installed three others and I like this the best.  It extends enough with the second arm so that you can mount a large TV so that it fits in the corner of a room.  The TV will hide the actual wall mount and arms mounting to the back of the TV.  This one was installed thru a plaster drywall into cinder block wall.  I used  the 2 wall anchors and bolts provided in the mounting accessory pack.  The 42&#34; TV bolt pattern fit the mounting plate so I did not have to use the adjustable arms provided in the package.  Total installation time was less than 20 minutes.  I like the fact that you can tilt it, rotate it (makes it easy to get the TV level)  and move it in and out a great distance and it will go back pretty flush to the wall.  The instructions are easy to follow.  Overall, I think this is a sturdy mount that will confidently hold a large screen TV and it does not look like a massive mount like some do.
It is a solid mount and I doubt that it will ever fail to hold the 22" LED TV that is mounted on it.  My only complaint is that the bolt that attaches the arm to the wall plate is smaller then the hole in the wall plate so when the TV is anything other than parallel to the wall it leans (up to 1.25" from one side of the TV to the other ~16") but for the price I can live with that.
so i recently bought a 40 inch Samsung smart tv but my problem was that my room is pretty small so i didn't have sufficient space to set it on my dresser like i did my previous tube tv and after looking around i found this beautynow when it came in it was in a small box fairly heavy and in good condition. Now when i opened it i was surpised to see every bit of hardware you need in a plastic roll out bag separated by individual pouches in my case i did not need those extentions  you see in each corner of the base plate because the base plate fit perfectly on my Samsungthe product itself is well made and well worth the money this mount will swing 180 degrees left or right and it lays 2.5 inches from the wall. i recommend you have someone with proper tools to install this you can't just hammer this thing into the wall and by tools i mean a drill and stud finder every screw you need come with the mount
I bought this cover for my girlfriend for Christmas. The only complaint she's had so far is the taking a photo with the case on. You have to kinda hold the flap in order to take it. That sounds pretty minor to me though.
I bought this for my daughter. I'm the writer she's the reader..so it fit. lolThis cover is beautiful, and sturdy. Makes the nook have the look and feel of a real book. And according to my daughter is inconspicuous in class. :)It's synthetic leather but it's very elegant. Also. It's not gender specific. My Son wouldn't feel embarrassed to carry it around. :)
great productif you want  to make your leaving room to look real good that the way to go .
as described
This is the best mount I have ever found, especially for the price.Home Depot has a nearly identical mount for $90.This mount comes with every fastener you could need from Lags, Hollow Wall Anchors, Spacers, to varying lengths of Metric Fasteners to most if not all TVs.They mount easy and are sturdy; I have a 60&#34; LED TV on one without issue.I also have 32&#34;, 42&#34;, 46&#34;, and 50&#34; TVs on them; I have used these to mount every LED/LCD TV I or friends have mounted.
Shipped quickly.  I ordered the incorrect part and will return it, but that was my fault.  I should know the name/specifications of my charging cord.  Too bad, it was an excellent price!
The Video Secu Swing Arm TV Wall Mount was exactly what I ordered and need.  Was unable to find wall mount in local stores that would fit the mounting patten needed.  I was very happy with the product and price and would recommend this product to anyone needing a wall mount for a really good price.
Fiance bought this to mount his TV to his wall.  Thought he could do it himself, it turns out you need someone with skill to do it.  Really wish that it was stated in the description.  It really looks like a good product.
Read the specs and if your monitor fits the guidelines, get this.  It's been on sale and if it is now, get it.  It has many options for rotation, etc.  Can't go wrong with this.
I had a tough installation and this proved to be the best and most affordable solution. I needed some reach for my tv, and it was really easy to install. The way it is engineered allows for a flexible install for a tv. I love it so much I am about to buy a 2nd one. my first tv was a 46&#34; Samsung LED. I am about to buy my second for a 32&#34; Samsung Smart LED.
is not 400x600 compatible but just disconnect one of the screw from the extension arm and move it forward one more, and it will fit, but you will just have 2 screw on the bottem arms and not 3, but it's okay i mounted it like that and it stable. I like it a lot.
Good, strong mount and quality hardware. Includes all the different size screws required to attach to TV if yours doesn't have them (or if you lost them).  There is just the right amount of resistance in the joints for it to stay where you want it but still easy to move around.  I mounted a shelf above the TV to get the cable box out of the way and avoid having to run a long HDMI cable through the wall.I took a star only because I received a different unit than the one pictured, It has 2 thick arms, rather than the 2-1 that is shown.  Honestly I think what I got is more attractive, but I believe that Amazon vendors should not substitute different products without authorization.  My unit also did not come with the extender arms in the picture, it has a mounting plate with all of the VESA mounting holes in the correct configuration.  My TV is 26&#34; so it fit perfectly.  I am sure my 55&#34; would fit on it too, but I have a different mounting configuration for that one.
This product is not universal. It only works for nook hd. My recommendation is to not buy this unless you have a nook hd.
Bought three of these for a restaurant/bar.  Received the product in great condition.  Was a breeze to install.  My television is very light so I can not comment on using it under a heavy load.  Arm swings easily and stays where I put it.  Very happy with this purchase.
Don't  let the low price fool you - I was looking at a $150 sanus mount at Best Buy and but thought I'd atleast give this one a shot.We are glad we did - the mount is made of heavy metal - the instructions are adequate and it has true full range of motioin adjustments. I'll definitely reccomend to others!
This mount is best used if the TV needs to extend away from the wall or be rotated so it is not parallel with the mounting wall.  The mount I received was exactly as described.  "Fits VESA (mounting hole patterns) 100x100 200x100  200x200mm without extender, and also fits VESA  600x400  400x400  600x300  400x200  300x300mm with 4 plate extender:  loading capacity up to 66 lbs;  VESA TV plate can be taken off, quick release design for easy installation;  Standard hardware and user manual included."  The enclosed mounting hardware was sufficient to attach the wall mount to wood studs or masonry walls, and there is an assortment of  screws to attach the TV plate to the back of most TVs.  The wall plate also has a plastic cover that snaps on and hides the mounting bolts, giving the wall mounting plate a "finished look."  The included instructions were well written, detailed and describe the mounting process in step by step fashion. (In my opinion, some of the best instructions I have seen for the half-dozen mounts I have installed.)  One definitely needs a stud sensor, electric drill and a good wrench to install the mount.  I used the mount on an older 42 inch plasma that weighs 60 lbs, so it will handle its rated weight, assuming both mounting bolts of the wall plate are properly secured in studs.  I have observed no "sagging," but I would say the arm "flexes"  about 1 inch with my 60 lb TV attached and the arm fully extended.  In summary, I rate it 5 stars, and feel this is an excellent mount for the money, especially if one has a heavier (40-60 lb) TV with VESA mounting holes larger than 200x200.
Very pleased with this wall mount. Easy to install, does exactly what we wanted. Can adjust the viewing angle for all our needs.
Install was quick and easy the mount worked perfectly on my 32 inch vizio tv. The unit is installed in my outside patio, i have patio furniture all around my patio and with the swivel feature i can cover any are of my patio. I know that nothing will happen to my smart vizio lcd with this mount. Thanks for a great inexpensive product.
I used this for my 47&#34; Samsung. Its fit/feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.I am very pleased with my purchase.
great item, no worry about the television not being secured to the wall, also swivels up and down, great purchase and fast shipping.
As soon as i received my mount it looked realy flimsey, but actually it is sufficient for the 32 inch sony tv that i use. The tools they provided were not good, luckily i have my own spanner set.Setting the mount is really easy, you might need someone to help you mount the TV(I did it my self though, was not easy alone). Adjust the joints to your convenience and enjoy watching.
Ordered this for a 32 inch TV. Was easy to install, all parts are included and about $100 less that at department store. Great product.
Great product even for double or triple the price. Smooth articulation and solid craftsmanship. And it comes with e erything you Could need to get going. I'd happily but it again!
Sending it back,they had in theirs ad as charger for Nook Color,it is not. The only good thing it came superfast. It is for black and white Nook. They over charge for it. Like twice as much for b&w; Nook,you can get at B&N;store. I now notice they don't  any longer put now it is for Nook Color.
I am using this with a Nook HD+. It works as described. The HD picture on my Samsung 52&#34; TV is excellent.
I just bought a 51" Samsung 3D plasma and needed a swivel mount that was built sturdy enough to pacify my concerns. Easy install. Wrks GR8T!! I RECOMMEND.
The base is as is as seen in the image, hold your weight, HOWEVER have small slope failures in his arms
I barely touched my Tablet until I got screen protectors because I was terrified I would completely wreck the screen since, screens seem to be allergic to me. I bought this type (anti glare) for the same price as non anti glare, & I went to B&N where the nice NOOK staff put mine on for me. So far no scratches & its doing great protecting my screen! My only complaint, why I rate this as 4 stars, is that I have to clean the screen even with the cover fairly frequently because its beyond easy to leave finger smudges all over it even with clean hands. I dont mind though. If im too lazy to clean the screen I just place my hand flat on it & run my hand across evenly so that everything turns into one big smudge that I can see fine through :P. I definitely recommend this product.
when i first bought this didn't think it was really gonna work.  I have a 32 inch tv though and this has been holding it for over two months and its still steady and equipped.  When you move the tv from side to side it shakes a little bit, but this is a good product for the price.  I am very pleased
Easy to install.  I am a 60 yo woman and I installed this, without help of any kind.Well worth the money!!!!
This mount worked very well. Assembly was quick and fit perfectly on my 42.inch display. The price is impossible to beat.
Easey to put together and install. Used to mount a 37" LED flat screen. Instuction say to mount the complete unit but if you mount the TV to the back plate on the ground first its a one person job. Well built product for being made in China.wish you could buy American made, better luck next time.
This is a great product I was on vacation visiting family when I ordered it. In arrived in the two weeks that I was there. The construction of the product was excellent although you may want to loosen the swaying arm with the tool. Installation wasn't to bad but i reccomend using two or even 3 in your a clutz to help put it up. it wasn't a huge pain in just took alot of exactness. It is still hung on the wall so look at the specifications and then buy if they match.
Used this for a Panasonic 32" LCD TV.  Mount works fine, instructions were minimal.  I was able to use the supplied hardware to attach the TV and to attach the mount to the wall.  I did have a problem hanging the TV, per the instructions you have to mount the unit and now attach the TV, this was not very easy so I removed the mounting plate at the pivor point and took it off the wall mount, mounted this on the TV and now re-attached to the TV mount, this was a lot easier.
This is a really nice wall mount. My son had no problem mounting it for me. He liked it so much that his sister bought him one for Christmas. Great to have the TV on the wall with no grandkids standing in front of it.
Holds the TV fine and the articulation is great.  We use it in a downstairs bedroom where we can move it to be seen from the bed or the treadmill.  Has cable mgmt as well.
We are very pleased with this product. Much cheaper than purchasing in the stores and worked very well with our new tv. Like that is can swivel and be moved to accomodate us! Thanks!!!
I wanted to put my mac in the wall and leave it. This does that well.  I don't move it often it seems strong and well built. If you want to move it a lot get something different you have to keep an Allen wrench and a crescent wrench in the desk drawer if you plan on moving it a lot. The articulation is sketchy. For my uses and the cheap price this was perfect.
For the money you can't go wrong. Yes, it has a litlle play in the mechanism but, you can adjust your mounting to accomodate that. It works great and frees up counter space. I would do it all again. Why spend 3 times more.
These screen protectors fit the size of the screen, but I personally find them very hard to clean, and they seem to increase the glare of the screen.  They did arrive on time and as described.
I bought this wall mount for my 32 inch tv and it is perfect. And for the price it just cant be beat. I plan on buying a few more
I have a 40 inch Sony tv and I was very disappointed that even this common tv couldn't fit the right bracket measurements. I had to create my own mounting method with the brackets and the screws in the back of my tv.That's not even the worse part. The actual mount itself can't even hold my 49 lbs tv. My tv is at a constant downward-facing angle. The metal arm itself is bending down because it simply cannot hold my tv how it's supposed. I'm scared to even use the full motion capability of the mount because the further I extend it, the more my tv hangs.I leave 2 stars for simple directions, and it came with all the screws and equipment I needed. (Besides a power drill)Not completely happy with this product.
This Wall Mount works perfect for Samsung 45 inch TV which we have wall mounted through our 20 year old entertainment center in the front.  It has rigt long arm and does everything what is described.
you can spend a ton of money on one of these, or you can buy this one.  hung a 32 inch tv with it with no problems.
Installation was easy.  TV is stable and can be positioned in many positions.  Not sure it would be all that stable if the TV was moved a lot, but the mount works perfect for my use.Have bought a couple more of same mount.
great product at a great prize and it arrived within 4  days i saved over 60 bucks buying it here then at the store i am very satisfied
Perfect fit for my 37&#34; TV. Sturdy and strong. Will hold the weight
This wall mount was sold at a very good price.  It was very easy to mount on the wall and works and looks good.
Great hanger to use just like the hanger for your wife's best china. Seen and adored by everyone, except this TV mount is so much more. It's easy to mount and practically moves in every angle you could imagine, even if your double jointed! I am thinking of buying another mount for my study.
Okay, we accidentally mounted this upside down, it is a little frustrating to install, but that may just be because we did it upside down!  However, we left it and have been using it for almost a year now in a child's bedroom and it still works perfectly, despite being upside down, I can only imagine how awesome it would be if it were right side up! :)
Simple installation. Helpful to have a second set of hands at times, but could be done by yourself. Instructions aren't the greatest.Holds a Toshiba 46&#34; LED in a corner perfectly. Feels sturdy.I don't so much like the look of the plastic cover on the wall side of the arm.
After reviewing all the available mounts, double checking the whole patterns on the back of the TV, I decided this was my best option. It arrived in about 3 days, even though it said 7 when I ordered it. It took me about 20 minutes to install it. The package with the bolts and mounting hardware was very abundant with many sizes for length and thread size. I am certain that anyone else that is looking at this mount will be able to adapt it to there TV. It is very sturdy, stout, universal and simple to install. I say buy it!!
Does not charde the Nook tablet or Nook color as states. Has een in touch with company for feedback and NOTHING...Never again
Great value for the price. It took a little while to install. The VESA didnt quit line up.  I would recommend it.
I bought this to protect my Nook HD at work and it is a tough little case. I like that it has the clips instead of soft ridges and it snaps around the shell of the Nook perfectly.
This worked perfect.  The universal design would fit 99.9% of the TV's as advertised.  Easy to mount and very durable.
Made in china, but this time , its well made. nice and sturdy and lots of options to mount differenct type of LCD. It has a good viewing set of angles and can be adjusted just about any view you want. the value for cost here is big, since most of these sale for over 75.00, or over 100.00 at wm. im pleased with it.
A very nice functional and lightweight cover for the Nook HD+.  It works very well, and makes a nice accessory to the nook.
Very strong for any tv, but I wish that it was little longer I am very happy with it and very strongly recommended.
The product is of very good quality I recommend to everyone who wants to buy it, do not hesitate to buy it
For the price, this is a heck of a wall mount.  You can move the arm & tilt it. Based on others' reviews, we purchased better quality screws.  We were a little scared once we got it up, but after a month, our 32" LCD is still mounted perfectly on our wall.
We've had the TV installed for several months now and have not had any issues.  It is so wonderful to have it wall mounted.  It was easy to attach our 42&#34; TV.
We recently mounted a tv in our boys room but the arm was too short so we were only able to mount a smack tv. My husband was in search for a tv mount with a longer arm so we can get a bigger tv. He came across this and were glad we purchased it. It works well for a corner mount, the arm is more than long enough for our purpose.
I bought this to install a 19" LCD TV in our kitchen, installed in 10 mins. All parts included even tools, screws and shields the quality of which was more than adequate if you pre-drill for the large lag bolts. Price OMG $18 including free 2 day shipping with Amazon Prime. Can't say anything bad about this product. If you need a Swing Wall Mount for a small to medium size flat screen buy it now while it's still available.
This flat panel mount is adjustable and very cost effective. This arm comes with all needed mounting hardware. It also comes with a small wrench and an allen wrench for adjustments. One draw back, the mounting bracket base is a little larger than a stud. I aligned two of the holes in the center of the stud and used two heavy duty zip wall anchors for the other two holes. The flat panel I mounted was a Sony 32" and 29 lbs.
We used this mounting bracket to mount a 32" flat screen Television in our room. The product performed perfectly for the TV. The installation was very easy. The bracket is sturdy and security to hold our TV.
It was easy enough to instal and the tv feels very secure.  It articulates in all the directions quite smoothly.
After looking through what was available on monoprice and realizing that Amazon had a few of comparable price but with free prime shipping, I went the Amazon route. This is the second I tried and I have to say it's quite excellent. Stable, even when holding a good 50 lb, 46" LCD, swings pretty well. If there was any complaint with it, the tilt control isn't the easiest to configure and you'll need 1 or 2 helpers to tighten the bolts in place to keep it at the angle you want. This isn't enough to knock any stars off.
I graded it a 5 star because it was just what I was looking for. The form and function are good and it's built well.  Would also recommend as a good buy for anyone.
INEXPENSIVE MOUNT THAT GETS THE JOB DONE,I MOUNTED IT AND THEN MOUNTED THE TV TO IT,SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS ,EASY TO MOUNT UP
this is a very high quality mount . very well built with high grade steel. works great for a corner mount on my 32 inch flat screen.
its a little flimsy and not the easiest to put together, for the price it works.  But for the quality i'd go with Cheetah.
Put a 40&#34; TV on this outside, works GREAT! Easy to attach and moves easily! Would definitely recommend this to anyone!
Considering the size & weight of the 32 inch TV I mounted on this bracket, it's perfect. With the required wall stud to mount this near a corner and not centered to the space, it was no issue getting the mounted TV perfectly centered as I wanted it to be. Any articulating mount at the major electronics stores I researched would cost well over $150.00, and were not made any better than this mount. Well made and strong enough to hold a much bigger set if you wanted to. Best value on an articulating mount I found on line.
Great Value with a lot of included hardware. Some of the hardware included was of low quality. The two lag bolts (all that could fit onto the stud), held up my Sony Vaio computers 28lbs, just fine. I wouldn't put too much more weight on there and still expect full range of motion.Installation was straightforward.
The item is a very good value solution to mount your TV. We used it in the kitchen to avoid our kids keep touching the TV screen and now everyone is happy!
I bought this mount to use in an RV with a 32" Vizio LCD.  It seems to handle the weight fine and was a snap to install.  I especially like the mount cover that hides the bolt heads.  Before I bought this item, I read most of the reviews here.  I thought I would address some of the negatives I read and have now experienced.  One review talked about how tight the mount was to move.  There is a simple answer to that...loosen the bolts on those joints!  Others mentioned how it was a two person job to mount.  While it might take two people to figure out where to mount it, I mounted this in an RV six feet high by myself.  Just take the bolts off of the bracket with the included wrench, mount it, then put the bracket back on.  I also read that the TV was hard to put on once the mount was on the wall.  There is a top screw on the middle joint that can be removed.  Then mount the bracket to the TV.  Then put the middle section back together by simply sliding it onto the post it came off of.  I don't travel with the TV mounted in the RV so I take it off and put it on this same way and never struggle at all.  Another review talked about the mount being out of square with the TV.  This mount is endlessly adjustable and the tilt and pitch both of the TV can be adjusted.  All in all this is a solid mount with endless adjustments.  It even includes a small loop to help with cable management.  For the money, I can't believe there is something out there better.  Make sure the bolt pattern fits your TV.
I tried to installed my 42'' LED slim body Vizio Tv which weights around 40 pounds. I located the stud and even used better screws than recommend but this wall mount is not strong enought for a TV of that size and weight. If you read other reviews this wall mount should be good for small tv or monitors of 32'' with weight no more than 30 pounds or even less. VideoSecu failed to give the right specifications and I would recommend to use a wall mount the can cover two studs side by side. Good luck to you all in your next purchase.
It took about 10 mins to install this TV Wall Mount with a 48 inch Samsung TV.  It does the job, there are much more expensive arms, but this does the trick.
I looked high and low from Wal-Mart all the way tho Barnes & Noble and could not find a charger for my daughter Nook. Thank god you guys was right on time!not only did you have it I bought a used one and it works just as well as a brand new one.#1satisfiedcustomer
The VideoSecu Ariculating bracket did not fit for a 32" flat screen.  The Ario 32" flat screen takes an additional purchase to fit mounting this TV.  Disappointed in that the advertising indicates it will mount a TV up to 37".VideoSecu Articulating LCD LED TV Wall Mount for 22" to 37" Flat Screen with VESA 100 200 Mount Pattern Free Bubble Level and HDMI Cable 1XE
Bought this for the great price and free shipping. Cannot touch one of these in Hawaii of any quality for less than a hundred bucks. Good quality, installed easily but when we went to put the TV on...well we are now waiting for the adapter/extension to fit our TV. Make sure to verify that the holes on your TV/Monitor will match up with the mounting plate....if not make sure to order the adapter for this. Still a good deal and was very relieved to find out there was an adapter available!VideoSecu Universal VESA Adapter Plate LED LCD Plasma TV Wall Mount Bracket Extender MLEB 1UUBottom line: I would purchase this mount again and would recommend as a good buy.
Very solid...we mounted our flat panel in the bedroom. Like the tipping feature and love the articulating feature.We checked prices at stores, big boxes, etc. best price of all including Costco...
Mount went up easily and seems sturdy enough.  However, adjusting the TV sometimes leaves the TV crooked.  Also, it is almost impossible to adjust tilt without using the provided tools.  Even after using the tools, we couldn't really adjust the tilt to the full amount.
I used this mount for putting a 42&#34; LCD screen on a wall.  It is a solid and sturdy mount.  I was extremely pleased by the quality.  Hex head lag screws that are included which are a breeze to drive into the stud.  I purchased a mount previously that had a phillips head on the lag screws and that really made them a job to drive into the stud.  Since the TV was rather large (400x400 vesa mounting pattern) I had to use the extension arms off of the main plate as shown in the picture.  They were surprisingly very easy to attach.  A nice plastic cover is included which slides back over the wall mounting plate to conceal the mounting screws - I thought that was a nice touch.Overall an excellent product and I would easily purchase another if I had another TV to wall mount.
Thought the unit was going to be a good unit, but was I wrong very wrong. The unit has a bad probleum with the 12 volty pulg in. They replaced the unit once in 6 months and the second unit last about 8 months before it started giving me trouble, but would they stand behind it NO NO NO. They said it had been over a year since I had bought the first unit so it was not covered.  The person I talked with at the Tec centered knew very well what I was talking about. If I made something that cost as much and made claims of how great a unit it was I would stand behind it and if I knew of probleums with the 12 plug in I would come up with a fix.  So take your chances if you buy one from Rand McNally hope it last for you but I have my doughts. Have a friend this last week his started have the same probleum so I told him he had better send it in.
The TV wall mount was effective but did not exactly fit the bolt holes on the set.  It is convenient for wheel chair patient use in the small room for TV access to both chair and sofa.
This tv mount arrived on time, was easy to install and seems very durable.  I would not hesitate to purchase another one.  You will save alot of money by purchasing this mount, opposed to one in your local store(s).
The first peron to review this incorrectly stated that it doesn't come with software for handhleds. That person chose to buy it without and save some $$ and then complained about having to pay extra for it because he/she bought the wrong software package.  Delorme did the right thing and offered us options.  I just ordered mine and I have no plans on using with a HH so I'm very happy that I didn't have to buy the HH software.  Just don't be dumb and read what you are buying before you buy it.  Nemerous people have highly recommended this to me, although I have heard that MS Mappoint has better maps and should be used instead when you have it as an option.  Storing 50,000 data points without a connection to a computer is awesome.  I will be able to take the unit with me on a bike ride and analize the workout later hopefully looking at the route, elevation, etc.  Too bad it is only in Yellow...
have not had the opportunity to install the tv mount as of yet - will follow up once mounted in place. great price and quick shipping
It worked beautifully with my Samsung Smart TV. Plus, the fact that it can handle more weight than my TV is very comforting.
This adapter easily connects my Nook HD 7&#34; to my HDTV through the HDMI cable.  This is good for traveling because it makes any hotel TV a potential smart TV so long as there is an accessible HDMI port.  It is also good for sharing photos from FB on a bigger screen. A bit pricey, but a good accessory to have.  Be sure to note that this is ONLY for the Nook HD and HD+ series.  It will not work with a standard Nook.
Purchased this item at a very competitive price and it arrived in top condition. Powder coated with black paint and solid fasteners used for construction and assembly. Took 10 minutes to mount it and install tv. Excellent!!
We had an old Time Warner Cable remote that was dropped into a bucket of dirty mop water.  We dried it out and it seemed to work &#34;fine&#34; except for the few times one of the batteries began to sizzle and smoke and became hotter than anything I had ever felt before and literally burned a hole in our couch upholstery.  Needless to say, this remote, the CLIKR-5, is awesome, easily programmed, and works perfectly with our TWC equipment and all the other A/V components.  I love this remote... great product.  (Probably goes without saying, but just in case, you don't get the TWC logo on it.)
3 Stars. It does what it is made to do. For how many years it will continue to do this i cannot say. It is sorta cheaply made, but for the price i can afford to replace it every year.Bottom line: If you want a "Top Quality" mount, this is not it.  If you are looking for a serviceable mount for the least amount of cash, this is definitely it.
We have a 26&#34; TV in our bedroom and no real table-top space for it, so we mounted it above our dresser with this.  The arm tilts and moves smoothly so it's easy to set this however we want, as often as we like.  Great purchase.
Mounted a 42&#34; Vizio.Pros: Mount is sturdy, fit TV, and is a great valueCons: Articulating the mount could be easier, but it really isn't that bad
Exactly as described, very fast shipping, it's perfect! Very happy with my purchase. I love that you can get hard to find items here for a very reasonable price.
Too Heavy and Poor weld quality .Lot of blow holes in welding, though painting was made nice to cover it or else it was made with inefficient welder. I think this is is not well designed by experts. Hope no calculations are involved in making it. Just copied the shape forms some other manufacturer.
It needs improment. I wish it has one more hole to put a screw on the wall.It looks shaky for 55 inch TV. However, it still holds it.
Very good materials, very lightweight,  cheaper than others brands. I have a 47&#34; LG Led tv and it fit at 100%, and I'm capable of sell my tv, buy an 55&#34; and use the same mount without problems.
If you purchased the TFDVD3295 32 INCH TV with this wall mount DON'T FORGET TO GET THE ADAPTER!!!!! Or else the TV mounting holes will not line up with the wall mount bracket.
This is a very good wall mount , easy to put up and very durable.and the swing arm is great for adjustments.
It works as advertised. We had no trouble hanging it. We would purchase another one if we needed it. Good product.
Ordered this for our TV that required a 600x400 VESA mount.The item in the picture appears to be this product...ML563BThe Item received was this one...ML523BThe ML523B only supports VESA 75x75/100x100/200x100/200x200mmThere are apparently adapters which can be purchased to allow it to support up to a 400x400 or 300x300. But never a 600x400. The link below shows the ML523BE, which includes the extenders.[...]The seller needs to correct this product description. We've purchase a cable and a larger tv mount  from them in the past and  both of them turned out to be ok products. They worked fine.  However, this product is misrepresented.If you only need the VESA 75x75/100x100/200x100/200x200mm mount you will be fine, as far as size goes. I cannot review the quality of this product because I was never able to use it. It seemed sturdy, but I can see where some of the complaints about the easiness of the extending the arms and also installation can be justified complaints. You are instructed to attach the tv after it the entire stand has been hung on the wall. The plate does not appear to detach from the mount to attach to the tv as with other mounts I have experience with. This issue could get annoying.
Did the job for my led tv! great support for my 40 inch tv. no problem with installing it either
The product arrived on time.  It is sturdy heavy black metal, probably weighs almost as much as the 40&#34; TV I mounted on it.  The instructions were somewhat unclear, especially the drawings, but if I had read them very closely, it would have been very easy to assemble and mount the TV.  This is a good product at a very reasonable price.  An added bonus is all the extra screws, etc that come with it to make it fit multiple sizes and makes of TVs.
We used it to mount our 2009 31 in. Westinghouse LCD-very smooth installation. The included smaller bubble level was a nice touch and there were a myriad of tv mount screw sizes to accommodate the screw mount thread sies of a variety of TVs. Where we mounted it, there was a stairwell wall behind it, so there were three studs behind the sheetrock (kind of a "support corner") and, therefore, no need to add an additional 2x4 support like some folks in the comments area suggested (although, I could see that if there was only one stud behind the wall-you'd probably want to get a second length of stud mounted in the wall-wouldn't have to be the entire height of the wall--just well secured to the original stud). Also, the four wood screws that were included to mount to the wall were plenty long enough and strong enough--I didn't need to buy any additional screws (just be sure to pre-drill the wall holes with a bit slightly smaller than the wood screw diameter so you don't split the studs).
Easy to install and great price.  Gave it a four due to the quality not being the best but for the price what don you expect.
Have used three of these and they work great.  Fairly compact and real sturdy.  Good price.
Someone showed us an older case that was all leather, which is what I thought this would be. So, this is different but it works.
We mounted a 36 inch TV. The 180 degree articulating arm is used fully extended and rotated 180 degrees on a regular basis. The tilt stays as positioned and will not move unless it is re-adjusted. Better quality than I expected. Exception is the plastic cover that hides the mounting screws. This is a mute point as it does not affect the function and does not show. Made in China.
The versatility of this bracket to be used on more than one size television is very remarkable.  Would recommend to anyone
Excellent buy. Mounted my 36 inch samsung LED without a problem. Very easy to install. And came with all different screws to fit any kind of tv. A++
We got this GPS for my husband who is an (OTR) over the road trucker.  Very Impressed with the shipping time, it arrived a few days earlier than expected...  within a week of use however it started freezing up... could of just been a glitch in that unit.  Worked great when it worked!  Will work great for the normal person as well but does have the "trucker" option. (the big truck routes - tells you when a scale is coming up ect...)  Love the bigger screen, the ease of use, the ease of putting addresses into memory.  Nothing really bad to say about the unit with the exception of it freezing which is probably one in a million and that's just my luck.  I contacted the seller and within minutes of my email I received a email back with instructions for an exchange! VERY impressed all the way around!
I was lucky that I didn't need the extensions, the holes in the square plate the extensions bolt to matched up with the TV mounting holes perfectly.  That saved some installation time.  It is a very sturdy bracket.
The case looks as described. (Although for better photos, I would go directly to Barnes and Noble's site.) The main visual disparity is the color. In real life, the case is definitely a classic highlighter yellow, but on the screen, the yellow seems a bit more pale and muted. The sleep/wake function when you open and close the case works as described.The main thing that made this 4 stars instead of 5 for me is how the case doesn't stay shut. Unlike other smart covers (like for iPads), this one doesn't have a magnet to keep the case closed. Otherwise, it's great. It adds a teeny bit of bulk, but it's not offputting. It was also very easy to snap the tablet into the case.
The mount I purchased is great. It is designed for TV's 32&#34; and under. The link here, and image are not correct. But, I really thought the mount was build well, was easy to install, and the price was fantastic.
very good , i like thank.... it work good and so maybe send for a other one yes thank again
I like long arm and it work great I recommon get long arm instead of short which I had and long arm was better
I just purchased this mount to hold a 32" LCD TV.  Price was very low,  but the reviews were mostly positive so I thought I would take a chance.  This mount came well packed and was shipped promptly.  After my initial inspection I was concerned about how stiff the mount gets from moving the arms back and forth.  The nuts on the joints kept getting too tight and caused the mounting bracket to bend under the load. Very soft metal was used and the construction is very low tech. I would be afraid that the thin new TV set would be damaged by the force required to move the mount.  I was very disappointed with the mount both with quality and the operation.  Even for the low price, I would avoid.
Great Mount, so many areas of articulation. This was a great gift idea my mother loves it. I have purchased two of them and they are sturdy and give a touch of class to every room you put them in. A must have any video file or those who want to save space in a bedroom or office.
Very easy to install. worked as stated. will buy again when installing a new TV. Easy to understand dir. All hardware needed included.
Dog got the old remote and destroyed it.  Didn't feel like explaining to the folks at the Time Warner Cable office what happened.  Saw the price on Amazon for this one and chose the low hassle option.  It works perfectly.  Price was right.
Bought three of these to mount two 37" and one 32" tv around the house. Very sturdy and zero complaints
I recently rigged up a treadmill workstation in my office and wanted to find a mount for my monitor so that I wasn't craning my neck downward toward my laptop when walking and working.  I researched a number of articulating arms and selected this one because of the reviews and the length of the arm itself.As other reviews have noted, the product is constructed of solid materials.  While heavy, it was easily installed by my organization's maintenance staff.  One downside to this product is that while the arm length and location is fairly easy to adjust, I have not been able to easily adjust the pitch of the monitor (angle of the monitor face relative to the ground).  Thankfully when installed it was at an appropriate level for my use and is not a big issue. Another very slight issue is that the arm has the slightest wiggle to it, so that, when the arm is fully extended the monitor is slightly off level.  This may be more an issue of installation than product, however.On the whole, I'm very pleased with the product, particularly at the price that I paid for it.
Great to be able to hook your nook up to TV and watch netflix, hbo-go, etc on it.  Cord could be a bit longer, but works okay - just have to have nook close to the tv.
It is better than spending twice the money on this going into a brick and mortar store. Was very pleased.
Arrived on time, works as stated.  I hooked up a 39: tv.  This was smaller than I expected, and a littel Lighter than I expected, but the newer tv or lighter also.  I wouldn go above a 42&#34; tv however.  Lots of positions to put your tv in with a little tlc and effort in how you get the tv in your desired postion.There were all types of screws in the box, but the only ones that scewed into the bak of my tv were too long or too short.  The box had spacers but they still were not wide enough, so I had to cut some wood to adjust for the extra space.
This product was purchased as a gift. It is very well built and gave my brother no issues with installation.
For a good wall mount of a smaller TV, this is perfect. Much cheaper than similar in various stores, and actually is more flush/compact than I have seen on others with all the adjustments you could want.Only gripe is that the included wrench to tighten the wall bolts is pretty weak and strips itself almost immediately, but it'll work to get it on at least. All hardware needed is included, I had to use a few adapter pieces on my first TV. Getting ready to hook a second one up on another rooms wall, both are 32" screens. I feel confident they will be there until I decide to remove em.Wall stud mounting required, but depending on the stud size, you may only get two of the three wall bolts into the stud. Should be enough though.
I lost my B&N original cable.  I looked around for an new one.  I tried  a different, cheaper model but it didn't fit my device properly so back to the drawing board.  I ordered this one.  I am satisfied.  It works exactly as expected and fits perfectly.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a spare or in lieu of the original usb cable adapter.
A solid built product. Easy installation. Very versatile.  Fit my 42&#34; Vizio like a glove. Installation takes about a half hour.
This mount was a bargain and quality at the same time!  Easy to install and easy to hang the tv. The only thing I would recommend is to buy separate drywall mounts. I didn't feel comfortable using the ones that came with it, instead I bought 75lb mounts from my local hardware store and used them. Other than that, I love the mount!
Very easy to setup, simple instructions, has all the mounting hardware and fits a huge different variety of TV's with great support.
The instructions aren't great, but it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out how to put it together.  I have it holding a 50&#34; led Samsung.  The swivel joints are a little stiff, but I don't need it to move, I just needed it to hang over a cutout above our fireplace.  It works perfect, and you cant beat this price.  Very sturdy, and it holds the TV level in place.  I like the ability to swing the tv away from the wall when I need to retrieve something in our wall cutout.
my third nook, my third lautner cover, nothing beats them. I would definitely purchase this cover for my nook again. Fits my Nook HD 7" perfectly
I live in a studio condo and I needed something to rotate to see from my bed and my couch on the other side of the main room. Once you figure out which instructions to use (several varieties are included to accommodate different scenarios and tvs), they are pretty thorough. Don't be afraid to tighten specific &#34;joints&#34; and loosen others to get it how you want it.Originally had bought a different one, and be careful of this, but it didn't didn't have near the amount of swing as this one does.
Somehow this cord feels better built than the one that originally came with my nook. It is about the same length but if you pair it with a stand of some sort you can charge and watch a movie or read a book at the same time.
Installed easily, has a nice long reach.  Attached a 32&#34; TV for the grandkids and it works out great. accomodates many different size TV's and was a very good price.
This was just what I was looking for.  It fit my TV perfectly and installation was very simple.  5 stars all the way!
USED THIS TO PUT MY 26 INCH ON AND IT WAS AN EASY DO IT YOURSELF INSTALL AND IT WORKS AS DESCRIBED. BEEN USING IT FOR A COUPLE YEARS NOW WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS.
i am completely satisfied with the product. its quite strong and functional.saved a lot of money too.thanks very much.
This does not allow for mounting other than on the stud. If the stud is not in the center it will not work. Through much difficulty my husband was able to mount this on our previous tv mount that did not swivel. He had to put a plate on, drill through medal and use more screws to secure it.
There was nothing wrong with my original charger, just needed an extra one for travel.  It works just as well as the original.
Works ok, but I do not like the feel of the ear pieces, they are hard to keep on your ear, would not recommend.
This is my third cover since I've had my nook and this one brings my two-year-old Nook back to life. Sturdy, elegant, and better than the other options in the store or online. Even better than I expected. Love the inside pocket. I got a really great deal for this price.
this works greaat for my 37" vizio!! my only complaint is that it doesnt tilt up and down with just hand adjustments. you have to use an alan key to loosen it up and retighten it. not deficult just annoying.
This wall mount came with clearly marked mounting hardware and easy to follow instructions.  It was super easy and was installed in on a matter of minutes.  Some of the other reviews indicated that there was not hardware included for mounting in wood studs, but I found that to be untrue.  There were 2- 4&#34; #4 Black lag bolts included with the hardware package.  So, you don't need to buy any additional hardware if you are mounting in wood studsThe only downside that I have found with this mount is the cable management clips that were included are of little use.  As soon as you put the clips in place along with the desired cables and attempt to swivel the tv, the clips pop off.  I wound up just using zip ties, which have seemed to work quite well.  But for the price of the mount, it was more than worth it.
Shipped promptly; exactly as advertised; well-made; perfect fit for our 32" LED HDTV; REASONABLY PRICED!  Anyone who can locate a wall-stud, read a level (included, no less!), run a drill, and turn a wrench clockwise should consider this wall-mount solution.
I was impressed with the heaviness and quality of this TV wall mount.....it was just what I needed and had shopped at the local stores to find a similar item for much more $$.....very satisfied with purchase..
This is a great wall mount.  Installed in less than 10 minutes.  Comes with all the hardware needed and more.  Very strong and adjusts very easily.  I would definitely recommend this item to anyone that needs an articulating mount.
Highly recommend this product. Price is awesome and it includes an HDMI cable. This same "combo" at Walmart would run a good $150.Installed it in 30-45 minutes and the biggest pain for me was finding a stud in the wall. there are 6 holes for the lag screws to go into which are supposed to go into a stud in the wall. Well in my wall we were able to find half the stud, so 2 of the holes (one on the top right and one on the bottom right) went into a stud, the middle screw I think got part of the stud and the 2 left screws I had to use an anchor on. Probably not the best way of doing it, but the TV is up very sturdy. Now I don't move it around at all since the spot I mounted is a corner and doesn't allow for much movement, but if you get this unit and intend to adjust it constantly I recommend you install it into a solid stud.
tv was ok but dont like the display, too small to see and sound is not great. everything else was great
This is a good beefy 2 amp charger, but it covers two outlets on a power strip. It's ok in a regular wall outlet. The best thing is it uses a standard USB connector so it can charge more than just a Nook (I have a Kindle Fire HD+).
This is a great truck GPS. I've tried others and nothing seems to come close to the Rand McNally TND-700.Excellent screen size and resolution. The audio is loud enough to be heard over road noise and the purr of my Kenworth/Cat engine. I've used it for the last 8,000 miles or so and it has only glitched once. Just restarted it and it picked up on my route right where it should have. The exit lane screen has been spot on every time and gives me plenty of time to get my rig into the appropriate lane safely. I also love the multi-stop route planning and use it a lot. Updated regularly, it has shown me all the construction zones and has a feature to allow me to detour around them. Creating Groups and storing locations in them is a breeze so I can separate warehouse from store locations, etc.I'm running an HP Pavilion laptop with Windows 7 OS for the dock and update. The USB port DOES charge the GPS, at least with my laptop, despite the warning in a previous review. Even if it didn't, the supplied 12-volt and AC chargers take care of getting the battery up to speed.My complaints are relatively minor:Battery life when it is unplugged isn't great. However, since I use it plugged in in the cab 95% of the time, it doesn't create too much of a problem.The announcement of state borders coming up is nice but it doesn't tell you (or show you on the map display) what state you are in and/or going into. Again, a minor issue because I know where I am but all my other GPS units had this feature. For $500 smackers, I don't expect this kind of slip-up.There is a Micro SD slot on the unit and I bought a card for it. Unfortunately, the manual has absolutely no information on using it. The only reference is on the page showing the physical features of the unit, showing the position of the slot. Annoying.Clean up the minor issues and this unit rates a solid 5.Rand McNally 528881469 7-inch Intelliroute TND 700 Truck GPS
The price was great, it arrived quickly, installation fairly simple, but the wall mount is actually heavier than my 28" tv!
At first I thought that I would have to have someone help me install the arm and TV, but found it to be very easy and no assistance  was needed, I am a 65 year old female and if I can install it anyone can.  It works great and looks good, and the price was well within my price range, Thank you, keep up the good work.
Installed this mount about a year ago and am using it with a 32" Vizio TV.  Installed easily, the product is well made, and it is rock steady.  Highly recommend!
This mount was the most inexpensive one I found on the internet or elsewhere.  It was easy to install.  It performs everything we wanted out of a mount.  It is sturdily made not cheaply made.  Great product!
This cover fits very nice, and looks like rich leather, fits my nook to a tea, also has extra pockets in it.
Why would you spend over $100 for another mount when you can get this one? I was very skeptical of this when I saw the price. I'm glad I got it. Incredible mount, especially for the price.  All of the hardware was included and nicely organized.
The directions stink. Just remember the spacers go under the arms if you have to use them and you will be ok.
Easy to mount, perfect fit.
Great price and it works perfectly. We have others in the house that cost much more and they are no better than this one.
Purchased this mount for a Samsung 32" LCD to install in my bedroom. I already had a stud-finder so finding and marking the stud to mount it on was pretty easy.After reading the reviews on it being difficult to attach the mounting plate to the back of the TV I decided to take off the mounting plate from the arm and attached that to the TV so all that I had to do was put the screw through the holes that joined the plate to the arm.Unit is much sturdier than it looks in the pictures and the wood screws that were provided seemed more than adequate for mounting it to a 2x4 stud.Couldn't beat this unit for the price.
Great product for a great price and very easy to install. Installed a 32" and it looks good and works as described.
I brought this product and it worked fine. It wasn't hard to install.  I had someone help me but it was fine.
For the price it works fine though i have to admit it worries me.  It says it can fit a 55 inch T.V, i put a 48&#34; TV on it and it by all means fit, but the thin metal bars which bolt to the TV are obviously bowing under the weight.  I'll give it this though, my TV has hung on it for probably over a year now and it hasn't fallen yet, though i can say each day i am waiting for it too.  The full swing motion is nice works as expected, we occasionally turn it toward the kitchen when we are all in there doing things.  I would give it a 5 star but the thin support bars always worry me so that keeps it at a 4.
Great mount that gives you all the features for 360 viewing.  Follow instructions and enjoy your flat screen TV as never before.
The package was exactly as described and the product was well built. I was not able to mount it to the wall, I did not know that it would not fit the TV I purchased. Shipping and product were excellent I just didn't get to use it.
I had a promotional exam and used this Building Construction software. I am now number 1 on the promotional list and will become the city's newest fire inspector next month. Highly recommend.
I bought this for a 22" TV for my son. I mounted this onto the corner stud and it works great! I love the angles it can achieve. Fees Very sturdy and well built. It works perfect for my application. Very happy with this purchase!
I bought this tv swing arm mount for my tv from amazon.Its been a good one its built heavy duty to hold pretty big tv .I would have anyone of my friends buy this same mount for their tv. It lets you hang it up and out of the way and also you can turn it out or in adjustable to see it from anywhere I set in my living room. This unit is easy to mount on wall and put together by yourself but if you have an extra person around it would make it a little better when holding the tv up when it clips in at top then screw and tighten and adjustments and like everything else I've bought from amazon it ships fast right to your door step.
I do some adjust for a  sony 40&#34; TV I'm happy I recommend to my friends also good price and fast service good qualitythanks..
Easy to install and feels very secure. I bought two more for another two TVs I want to mount. Highly recommend it.
Perfect... This works great.  I went to Costco to see how much the wall mounts were there, I found it for around $180. I figured why not check on amazon, I found it there for $25.  It came on time, Exactly what I ordered it is not plastic its metal strong. Even though I only put a 24 inch TV on it I would be perfectly confident putting any size TV on it. I love it!!!Pro'sWell MadeMetalStrongEasy Set UpSeveral Mounting FigurationCon'sNone
This was half the price of the TV mounts at Costco and perfectly fits a Vizio 37&#34; TV for the spare bedroom. It will work with many different brands so in my book that is great. Strong, sturdy and robust.
pros: heavy, solid & stable,cons: the faceplate is large.so large I had to cut off an area 3x1 inches just to have access to my tvs HDMI portsmy tv has a VESA 100x100 layoutso, installation was a bummer
It works fine but it is too big for our 22"TV. The way that the holes line up the plate sticks out at the bottom of the TV and it looks bad. If I didn't already hang the bracked I would have returned it. I am sure it wil work fine for a larger TV.
I order all my mounts from Amazon for price and quality.  This is mount #4 and is the best. It comes fully assembled except for extension brackets if needed and already tensioned.  Very good quality and build. This my favorite mount!!
small packaging. this mount was great! it was a great deal for this product easy installation we had it installed in 30 mins we sugggest to only use the three bolts down the middle thou cause if you used too many it can weaken the stud's holding power.
The mount while being rated for 55lbs, can barely hold my 30lb tv.  When fully extended it sags by 4 inches or so, it doesn't keep the tv level, I can tell that the mount would break if I were to mount a 55lb tv.  I am not sure how much i trust it over time, i'm going to replace it.
I found these on Amazon for ~$20 LESS THAN similar ones at Costco! That's hard to do many times. They were very easy to install for my particular HDTVs.
This tv mount is perfect for our granddaughters room. The price was amazing.  Much cheaper than any store around and great quality.
Very happy to have been able to find a charger for my daughters nook.  It wasn't easy at the store but thanks to you guys having this on here I was able to get her a new one.  Thanks
The mount itself seems well constructed.  I was hesitant about having only one brace against the wall to support a 40 inch tv but it seems to work.The only downside is that the beam above my fireplace is centered on the wall and to the fireplace... when the arm is completely folded and the tv is as close to the wall as possible, the arm does not line up with the mount.  The center point of the tv is not inline to where the mount is screwed into the wall, SO my tv is off centered.-Mount is screwed into beam, centered. When arm is retracted or folded fully to keep the tv against the wall, the tv center is off, it is next to the mount against the wall.Hope this makes sense.Other than that it works
DONT WAIST YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT MY CELL PHONE GIVES ME BETTER DIRECTIONS AND FASTER ROUTES TO MY DESTINATION EVEN THOUGH ITS MAINLY A CAR ROUTE. RAND MCNALLY TND 700 HAS GOTTEN ME IN SEVERAL TIGHT SPOTS INCLUDING NON TRUCK ROUTES THAT I HAD TO BACK UP MY TRACTOR TRAILER IN THE MIDDLE OF DOWNTOWN CHARLOTTE.THIS PRODUCT ALSO CANNOT READ MAPS CORRECTLY. IT HAS TOLD ME TO MAKE U TURNS AND GO SOUTH FOR 3 MILES TO CATCH A BY PASS ROUTE TO GET ON I 95  WHEN ALL I HAD TO DO WAS CONTINUE STRAIGHT FOR ABOUT 800 FEET AND MAKE A LEFT TO THE I95 ON RAMP.THE LIST GOES ON AND ON. AND IHAVE TRIED TO CONTACT AMAZON SO THAT I CAN RETURN THIS PRODUCT AS IT REALLY SUCKS. NOW ITS FEATURES LIKE MILEAGE TRACKING BY STATE AND DAY TRAVELED ITS GREAT, BUT WHAT GOOD ARE ITS FEATURES WHEN YOU CANT GET TO YOUR DESTINATION ON TIME OR GET LOST BY THE SAME INSTRUMENT THAT IS SUPPOSED TO ELIMINATE JUST THAT.
Unit was received promptly and was easily installed.  All hardware needed was included and easily utilized to install the unit.
I bought this for my 55&#34; Samsung LCD LED TV. I mounted it on a wall and intended to use it extended to 180 degrees. At the 180 degree extension, there is very noticeable tilt, which gets worse each day, until the TV is tilting sort of comically. If you are just using it to watch a TV &#34;head-on&#34; the tilt probably won't matter to you, but if you are using it at any sort of angle for a large TV you will have the tilt problem. The arm is simply not designed properly to handle the 180 degree extension.Also, if you are new to this TV mount thing, note that this VESA 400 compatible mount will not necessarily work for your VESA 400 compatible TV. I discovered that not all VESA 400 mounts work with all VESA 400 TVs. I had to &#34;improvise&#34; to get this mount to work and could not use any of the mounting configurations in the instruction booklet. This problem had no bearing on the &#34;tilt&#34; problem described above. I don't really understand what the point is of listing VESA compatibility when it doesn't seem to actually indicate compatibility, but there must be some tech guru who has a complex and useless explanation for it somewhere.Otherwise, the installation was fairly easy. In about two hours I was able to get this attached to my wall, where it immediately began it's slow drooping progress toward the floor. I wish I had just kept the TV sitting on a table.
I'm a professional OTR truck driver, and I bought a TND 700 at a truck stop hoping to make my life easier.  Rand McNally, are you listening?First thing I did after charging it was connect it to my laptop and install the software and then attempt to update it.  The software detected a problem with my update and wanted my home address so I could be sent a patch on an SD card.  Hello?  I don't think I'm all that unusual; my home address is a PO box that a friend checks weekly and that I might get to check every six months or so.  I live in my truck and at truck stops.  If you need to make a patch available on an SD card then you should send the SD cards to the truck stops where the devices are sold.  I ran the update program multiple times until the program said that the TND 700 was completely updated.I programmed in the height (13'6"), the length (53') and the weight (80,000#) of my rig and told it that I preferred highways.  I was parked at a truck stop in the Cincinnati OH area.  My next pickup was about 15 miles down the same freeway but on the other side of it a couple of blocks.  My cell phone GPS (Sprint) said to get on the freeway to get to my pickup.  The TND 700 routed me thru 23 miles of residential streets before finally getting me to my pickup.  Very exciting, especially since every time I refused to turn down a street posted "No Trucks" the TND 700 took almost 5 minutes to figure a re-route, and it happened multiple times on that short trip.I decided to give it another chance.  After my pickup on the north side of Cincinnati just off of I-75 I needed to head to Phoenix AZ via I-71.  Easy route is to just hop on I-75 and drive west and south to the intersection of I-71.  Indeed, that is what my cell phone advised.  The TND 700, however, wanted to route me over surface streets across the city and pick up I-75 on the other side of the city.  I turned it off and the next time I passed a truck stop of the same chain I purchased it at I returned it and got my money back.I then spent $30 on a cheap printer.  Now I take a minute to set up my route on Google and print it out.  Hasn't gotten me lost yet over several cross country trips.
Very well made, strong mount the only problem I have is the instructions are very poorly written or detailed. Pictures do not distinguish between Stud mount and concrete. Also the instructions do not tell you the size of the included boltsFor those of you who have never worked in the home building industry wall studs are usually 1.5 inches wide so this mount only requires 2 lag bolts in the middle holes to secure it to the wall to support a 23 lb TV. The four outboard holes on the wall mount are 1.3" apart so don't try to use them in a wall stud measuring 1.5" wide.Helpful hint: I have help install at least 6 other wall mounts because of family or friends so I cannot say that I am an expert but my suggestion is to drill pilot holes which the instructions do not tell you to do.After comparing the instructions on this unit to others I have installed I still must say that the pictures should have a lot more detail. Some complain that the back plate was too big for the TV they used but it's fits perfect on theLG 32LK450 32-Inch 1080p 60Hz LCD HDTVI am using it on.Works perfectly for the area of the room I am using it in which allows me to rearrange the room without the need to move the TV.
Product was very acceptable for what I was needing. It was easy to install and met the needed requirements.
I had to use a hacksaw to cut away part of this to hang my 24&#34; LED TV in my bedroom. Other than that, seems to work fine.
At first glance, you'd think this product would be flimsy and is just too cheap.  However, once I received and installed it, it was sturday as can be.  The capability to adjust it accordingly is very nice and it only requires you to slightly loosen the applicable joint bolts.  Unless you are positive that you won't need to move/rotate the TV, then don't cinch down the bolts further (though it is already assembled).  Loosen it just enough so that the movement doesn't require too much force.  It didn't take long to install this tv mount either.  It bolts to the wall using 6 lag screws: one at each corner, and then two at the center just above and below the "arm."  It comes with all of the lag bolts neccessary for installation to a stud.  In my case, there were two corner bolt holes that miss the stud because of the width of the mounting plate, but this kit comes with anchors and screws for this scenario.  Definitely worth the purchase!
I brought a 32' tv for my room, and bought this mount to hold. Very good detailed instructions. Packaging was well kept and came on time.. Works great for all tvs.
Ok quality.  Good value.  I've got the arm angled (not straight out) and the middle hinge DOES show some bend or flex.  Angle adjustments up/down are not the easiest to do, so this is not a good choice if you'll be adjusting your TV often.
This does take two people to install, but with two it's simple. Looks great and functions perfectly, at a great price.
It did what it was supposed to do, even held a heavier tv for a little while. so good product
Amazon as always 5 stars in service and shipping.The mount was for a VIZIO E260MV 26-Inch. Product comes adequate with a lot of screws, an Alan key and standard nut key that fits all the nuts. The bubble level (with magnet on the side) and cable are a nice addition.Had to cut 1 inch from the top and bottom of the base that gets screwed no to the TV, since it covered some of the inputs. Other wise very practical for my bedroom/Study that has more width so the convenience of swirling is why we wanted this and it does a good job.For the price ($25 and free shipping), its is a really good deal. Would recommend this.
Down to the point, I have a 42" vizio! Yes! It looks great! Yes, it is wall stud efficient! Not extremely easy to move, but it definitely does the job!Now for my complaint! The box had nothing saying it was able to be used on wall stud. So I contacted warehouse seller to find out if it was capable. They got back to me only to tell me they had no idea. Now if a product is yours and you are selling it.. Shouldn't you know the details to it? After responding back to one email.. They stopped responding after! So then I had to return the product. I then re-ordered it after looking on reviews, an it does the job. I'm complaining because I feel that if they knew their products detail, it would have saved me a lot of time and trouble.
I received my purchase in perfect condition, The packaging was in great shape, and the product is brand new. You can tell that it is new because it is a bit stiff when you open it, as is any new book. Very happy with this product and would definitely buy again at this price.
Warning, Do your homework before ordering a tv wall mount!!Mom and dad bought a 32 inch Seiki TV and needed it angled on the wall for optimum viewing. That is where I the eldest son came into the picture(pun intended).I knew in advance the location had plywood backing behind the drywall, which meant this mount would be easy to install as wood screws would be secure anywhere on the wall. But what if it was a typical installation, would there be a stud in the wall centered where needed to hold the tv and mount securely? It seems unlikely most people would, so what are the options?Option #1. Buy a different mount with a mounting plate rather than small 2 hole bracket as on this model. If you don't know what I am talking about, look at other tv wall mounts and you will see on many of these a large wall plate that can easily cover an area with at least one stud, and addtionally allow drywall anchors elsewhere on the plate to handle the weight of any tv. This model has only a small wall bracket with holes for 2 screws or anchors.Option #2. Use wall anchors. Again, there are only 2 holes in this bracket so take into account the weight of the tv and the rating of the anchors. Proceed at your own risk.Option #3. Install a stud. You're on your own with this...The mount is well made, everything fits and it looks good but as mentioned, a little homework will save you time and make installation easy.I hope this review is useful. :-)
The absolute best TV Mount on the market.  And for the price its like Christmas! Angles your tv in any position and is also super easy to install!!
Purchaed this for my Sons room, he loves being able to put the tv in any position he wants..As well as being able to fold it up to the wall.A five star for this item..The Price cant be beat.
fit perfect for samsung 50' led tv sturdy material cant beat the price plan on buying another for my other tvs
I have my 32 inch Tv on the wall and it works great. Easy to install and came with all the parts. The screws that it comes with for the TV will not fit but you can buy some for 2 dollars.
Adapter does not work from the begining.It is absolit.Didl not have time to sent it back.Going to return it sioon.
Needed a second Nook charger to leave in my travel charger case, so I wouldn't have to keep moving it around.
Back in the old days we used to use a phone number and a road atlas.Those days are over now.Just type in the address and go.The Intelliroute will get you there with no worries about low underpasses or any other areas those 4-wheeler GPS systems may not be aware of.If you don't have one,what are waiting on?
Received this cover awhile ago and I absolutely love it! It looks exactly like the picture and my nook fits very securely in it. Only thing that would make it better would maybe be a slot to hold a stylus and something to keep the cover closed. All in all I love love love it! This goes everywhere with me
I love having my flat screen up high in my bedroom. Makes it so much easier to relax while watching TV.
So glad we bought this item. Good price. Fast shipping. Works great with our TV we now have mounted on our deck. Extremely well made.
Just hung a 37" vizio.  This mount contained all  hardware to hang many tv's. Much hardware left over.  Handy level and hdmi cable included. Love that I can pull away from wall to access hook-ups or change tv angle. Wench and 2 allen wrenches included to adjust mount.
This cord helps me have two locations to plug the Nook in to charge.  My only suggestion is that the cord be a little longer.
As expected, power kit was exactly what was needed.  Nice to have an extra power kit for work and home.
I bought several based on the reviews and all positive are right on the money. The products lives up to its description and most of all capacity. I mounted my 55" and it was breeze and the product held it as if it was a 32". I did not have a problem with the tilt as the other reviews mentioned. The manufacturer must have corrected it. I just hand tightened the screws and no  tilting issue experienced. I will buy again if I need more. Great product.
The wall mount installed easily and works smoothly.  The only downside is adjusting the up and down tilt, you must loosen a bolt most of the way before you can muscle the TV into a different position.
Bought it for my daughter in her Nook.  Worked out perfectly and beautiful design.  Brand and and great shape.  Thanks
this is a good product.  It went up easily.  I did it myself.  I wish I might have gotten one with a little more adjustment.  It's very rigid.
Nicely packaged.  All screws are separated for easy locating.  Directions were a bit confusing due to many mounting options available for different TVs.  All in all, once it is on the wall, it is solid and movable.  Securely hangs an older 42&#34; heavy LCD with out any issues.
The product quality was much sturdier than I expected based on the excellent price.  I ended up buying a total of 3 and they all work great.
the right tool to extend my 23" all-in-one computer a few inches from me in the bedroom to cruise the internet or watch tv . what can I say , it works just how I wanted . A recommended product for sure , was easy to put up .
I did a lot of comparison shopping and decided to buy the Rand McNally 7" GPS.  Has better graphics than Cobra 7".  It does have lane assist which is important when in large metro areas and need to be in correct lane for exits, etc Atlanta, GA.  I have read some of the negative comments written earlier and I do not have those problems.  Sure, sometimes it does not give the fastest or the simplest route but it has never sent me down a non truck route like all the prior gps i have had in the past.  I am a car carrier so I set truck size at 13' 8" and it has kept me from going down roads with 13'6" bridges.  The only negative comment I have is that it constantly changes map views from city to county to state way to often.  Other than this, I love the fact that:  1) it shows mileage to destination, arrival time (which you can change to time left),  2) shows the city, county and state you are current located (how often we truck drivers pull over at a rest area or truck stop and wonder what city we are located).  3) large 7" color screen for easy viewing and screen changes automatically for night time driving  4) list truck poi and non truck poi (wish Rand McNally had a feature that would let us send them an update for poi, maybe when we get at a Loves that use to be a Pilot, just tap on the screen and edit info, then when I connect gps to computer for weekly update the map will get updated.  5) able to update construction info by linking gps to computer and get updates given to Rand McNally by the states.  Unfortunately like usual  the states are mostly behind on updates given to Rand McNally.  This is where we the consumer should have the ability to tap screen and make corrections and send it to Rand McNally.  Many times I have gone into areas that it said "Construction Ahead" and no construction is being done because it has been completed.  6)  speed limits of highways and Interstates and shows your current speed just below it (also shows truck speed limits in red) Still the states have to report these limits to Rand McNally and as usual they are slow on reporting.  But still most of the time 95% it is correct.  7)  great truckers tools like driving hours left.  It automatically changes to driving when truck has moved for more than 1 mile and changes to off duty if it is idle for 15 minutes.  It lets you know when you have 1 hour left to drive and that driving time has expired. You reset every day manually.  Also have total hours worked for day and hours left to work for the week. You will have to manually override this sometimes because it doesn't distinguish off duty and on duty hours well, you have to manually tell it you are on duty.  I just manually configure at the end of the day.  The important one is driving hours and end of the week hours.  8)  service reminders for your perimeters you set, such as 8000 and 16000 services.  You reset manually when completed.  9)  able to set many multiple stops set and ability to add more stops in route  10) loud enough to hear spoken text to speech street names over engine noise (and believe me my truck is loud)  11) ability to save your own poi (I do it all the time)  12) it tells you when you are 3 miles from approaching a weight station (you can configure it up to 5 miles)  13) it tells you when you are 1 mile from state border and tells you when you cross border and what state you are in.  14) it tells you all mileage you driven that day and mileage by state and mileage by day.  saves info for 1 year.  Overall, this is definitely a truckers friend and I absolutely love this GPS.  A definite must buy.
Great quality, great price. Definately worth it. Holds my LED 47" LG with no problem. Tilt, swivel and arm work great
UPDATE: I have now have purchased 3 of these for work and home and with the lighter LED TV's this is a perfect mount for most sizes - this is a great mount - easy to install - easy to use - easy to expand - easy to mount TVs. I havent found another one that is so useful - even if you dont need it to extend this is still a great mount--- I guess for the price I was expecting something cheaper but I was quite surprised. It was easy to install and works for what I need it for - it may be over kill for a 22 inch LED LCD TV but I like the way it can be moved around.
It is perfect. Just the right size. Works good. The tipis soft I thought it would work on my other touch digitals but it didn't.
it does what I wanted and is a backup to my original one as these are virtually unobtainable with the USB lead in Europe. It was expensive but I could find no alternative.
All in all, it seems like a nice sturdy product, but the piece wouldn't rotate left to right at the end of the arm, so we had to return it. It said we needed to loosen it, but the factory screwed it so tight it wouldn't budge.
I bought this for the flat panel I bought for my husband for his garage. It installed well, works great and looks great
Good wall mount. Sturdy and does what it is supposed to do. In fact, it even held a larger TV than what it was listed as capable of holding. I believe I mounted a 42&#34; television with this one. Not a flat-flat one either. I mounted an older heavy thick one.
I purchased 4 of these for various sized TV's from a 37&#34; to a 55&#34;.  A couple of things to be cognizant of:  First, make sure you center the mount on the wall in a closed position and look where the TV will actually be when hung and second, make sure you have a helper!PROS:InexpensiveNo problem once upCONS:Difficult to mountInstructions are not the bestNow that all the TV's are mounted I'm grateful the task is done and glad I purchased them... but that's not what I was saying when I was mounting them.  It was a challenge to see who would win at times but well worth the savings.
Go to Target or Barnes and Noble instead, and pay $25 (which is still a huge markup, considering they make the thing for 50 cents.) This is the worst option if you need one of these. It's price gouging, pure and simple.
I am very disappointed in this product. I purchased the Blue Logger to use with a new Dell Axim X51v (which I purchased to use with the Blue Logger). I found that I could not make a Blue Tooth Connection between the Blue Logger and the handheld computer. I contacted Delorme & was told "At this time we do not offer any support or updates for Windows Mobile 5.0.  Hopefully in the future we will be able to offer updates for compatibility but currently there is no timeframe." What a ripoff. Delorme has a product that is not even compatible with the present PC Handheld operating system.I have also found that I cannot upload routes created on Street Atlas 2006 to the hand held. Basically I have a little electronic map with no functionality.
Been using this for at least a month now.  Using on a 32&#34; so it does a full 90 degree angle.  Most of the time is just sits like that, so the mount is definitely strong enough.  And it folds too if I just want the tv against the wall.  Definitely worth the cash.
Apparently these chargers, for Nook HDs, are not the kind of things that you can just look for the cheapest one. Something to do with needing a lot of power to charge them.The first knock off charger that I bought didn't work. you have to get the Barnes and Noble brand, and amazon has the best price that I could find.So if you have a nook HD, this is the charger that you want.
I have mounted a 42 inch old LCD. Easy to install. Easy to swivel, there is tilt option but it has to be locked by nuts(it can not be changed without loosing the nuts).
Bought this to mount my Samsung 40" in the corner of my bedroom and it works great. Very easy to install, seems very sturdy, and the range of motion of the arms for a corner mount is perfect.
I gave this product four stars because 1. its weight, which was substantial, not plastic or flimsy 2. Ease of installation 3. Sturdy, there was no sagging or loose parts once TV was attached 4. The price was outstanding for the product received.I would have given this 5 stars, but have only had it for a few days. Time will tell if it is as good as first impressions.Even so, I am ordering two more for the other TV's in our house. Very satisfied.
Exactly as described.Very heavy duty.Lots of parts to make any installation work.Excellent value.Fits various monitors and tvs.
This is a very good product and it does what is says it does.  Seems well constructed and easy to install.  I do not have the "sagging" issue that some have reported.  It adjusts easily for proper angle for viewing.  I am overall please with the product and I do not hesitate to recommend it.
VERY HAPPY, it looks great, I'm so happy we got it. Holds good, it is a lil hard to get it to the wall. Other then that its fine I love how we have more room in our room. My husband is so happy I ordered this, it only cost us $28 free shipping and FAST(: VERY THANKFUL TO THE SELLER.
Great screen protector! I took it to the store to have them install it and there are no bubbles at all. If I had done it there would have been lots of bubbles. LOL
The TV would not stay level on mine.  Turned out to have two problems.  First - the slot in the little bracket that the bigger TV bracket hangs onto was a bit too high so the little bolt was resting on the slots bottom edge.  I drilled it out to be 1/16 of an inch lower and that solved the problem.  I also put a lock washer on the bolt between the two plates. Second - the top bolt hole in the single arm was not in the center.  I drilled it much larger so the bolt going through the bottom hole could be straight up and down which fixed that problem.  (When the bolt was tightened it automatically became perpendicular to the bottom hole.)  These problems show insufficient quality control and should not happen, I therefore recommend you try another brand.
Got a nook for my wife and figured a wall adapter would help her out.  This was a great price and works well.
Perfect for me so that I don't have to take my computer on travel just to charge my nook.  Works with the cord that came with my nook.
I like to keep my screens clean, from my laptop to my iPod, GPS, Kindle, digital cameras and more. However it can be difficult when traveling since I don't want to carry bottles of cleaning fluid in my luggage.  These pre-packaged wipes are really nice to have an easy to carry around.First I start with the wet wipe to remove grease and dirt, then I remove the moisture with the dry wipe.  You want to practice with it in order to not leave any streaks but it's not too difficult to do. The wet wipes are not only good for screens but they take figure prints off the exterior on my laptop.  I still use my bottle of cleaning liquid and cleaning clothes for my flat screen television since it is too big for these small tissues.  However, for traveling these are great!
These were very easy to apply and they are lasting through my daughters. I am very pleased with the product!
We got this mount for the television in our bedroom. My husband was able to install it easily and it swivels. We are very happy with it.
This thing is great for the price. The most important thing for me is that it feels very sturdy. I can't see my TV falling off the wall with this. It comes with a lot of extra bolts and spacers to make sure it works with all TVs. It does feel pretty stiff and can be hard to move the TV around.
Tv has been on wall for a long time.  Hasn't fallen off.  It's metal and considerably cheaper than kits available in stores.
Got this for my parents so they could watch tv from the bedroom and free up some space on top of their dresser. I put it up on the wall from the side of their bed. This thing extends out so nicely and doesnt feel cheap one bit. My parents love it and thank me constantly for it! Highly recommend
This is my 3rd time purchasing this item. I love that it is adjustable to fit several models of televisions, sturdy, and will tilt and turn like you want/need it to. Have recommended it to anyone who is buying a flat screen tv, though many folks are impatient and cannot wait for it to arrive in the mail, which doesn't take that long. (You can always set it up on the self-contained stand until the wall mount arrives in less than a week.)They want their tv up NOW and purchase a more expensive wall mount that does LESS. Then when they see mine, they always say they should have listened to me.
This is the 4th mount we have bought. It is very easy to hook up the instructions are well written. Also all the parts came with it.
I was looking for a nice tv mount for my bedroom. Found this one and am more than happy with it. Great mount.
This tv wall mount is an example of you get what you pay for.  It does the job and is sturdy when tightened down so the TV isn't going any where.  The problem is that the TV level is different when the wall mounts arm is extended or retracted.  If you level the TV with the arm retracted so the the TV is against the wall the TV will be slanted when you pull the arm out to full extension, and vise versa.  I ended up purchasing a Wall mount for twice the money but with non of the problems.
I used this mount for a 32" flat screen in my garage, very sturdy and works as advertised. Can't beat it for the price.
This is a great quality mount, very strong and very good price! Diffenately plan on buying another mount for my other flat screen.
We liked this item so much we bought another one and then bought one for my step dad. Awesome product!
This TV wall mount serves its purpose and that's it. It's not easy to adjust. It is really cheap feeling and seems to make the TV lean one way or another. It was better than paying $65-$70 at best buy. I like it enough to not return it though and I'm super meticulous.
Easy to assemble and mount/adaptable for various sized TVs/adjusts (swivel and extend) easily.  Great product especially for the price.  I would recommend to anyone!
This is the second VideoSecu mount I've purchased. Both were easy to install and show solid build quality, with no issues
I purchased this plug to see if it would work with the Mediabridge Brand USB to Micro USB card that I had purchased, because after getting the cable, my tablet wouldn't charge plugged into just any outlet.  I have a NOOK Color, and that plug worked to charge the tablet.  So I saw this one (at the largest Mass Merchandising store) for half the price here at Amazon and purchased it to try.  And it works.  Charges my Toshiba Excite perfectly through the micro USB port.  Now I can leave my original plug and cable at home and use this Nook Plug and Mediabridge Cable at work.  Perfect!  No more cords in my purse.The Mediabridge cable I purchased:Mediabridge High Speed USB 2.0 - (Coiled) - A-Male to Micro-B CableFor under $20 I have an extra cable and plug to charge my Toshiba Excite.
This is a rather good tv mount. This tv mount works exactly as expected and described. I would buy again.
Works great... kind of a pain to install it took two guys and some power tools... and a lot of measuring... make sure you follow directions... also I didnt need all the hardware it came with, come one guys... not trying to make my walls swiss cheese. sheesh.
I looked at similar wall mounts at walmart & they were $125.  I was skeptical of this because it was so much cheaper, but my prior experience with amazon pushed me toward giving it a shot.  It's a solid piece of hardware - heavy gauge metal.  It was definitely higher quality than I would have expected for the price.  It's been on the wall a few months now with zero problems. Good product, great price!
The wall mount arrived in a timely manner.  I was a little hesitant about ordering this product after reading other reviews that was not very favorable.  I took a chance and ordered the wall mount .  I am using it with a Samsung 32&#34; LCD/ LED Smart Tv and it works fine.  My husband had no problem with the installation and did it by himself.  When I arrived home it was hung and ready to go.  There is no sag and the unit is pretty heavy and solid.  I had to loosen some of the screws because they were to tight and I could not adjust the tv like I wanted to.  Other than that the tv wall mount is fine.  I don't know what experiences others had but for the price yipeeeeee!
Easy to install.  It is nice to be able to pivot the tv in  many directions.  Will likely buy another one for the basement tv!
I consider myself to be a good DIYer. I've installed mounts for my 2 Samsung 46" and 55" LED TVs with no problems for 5 years. So, for this VideSecu mount, inspite of poor installation instructions, I carfeully measured all domensions to fit my new 32" Samsung LED SmartTV in a limited kitchen space. My mistake was, based on the diagrams, I assumed that the length of both the swinging arms of the mount (the single and the double arms) were of the same length. What a disaster! After installing the mount when I mounted the TV and folded the arms the TV did not center itself to the wall side of the mount! It was then that I noticed the inner length of the 2 arms is about 4" longer than the outer single arm. In other words once the arms on the mount were fully folded in towards the wall my TV was not centered in the limited space that I had and looked awful. I don't know why the manufacturer did not keep both arms the same length. At least they shd have mentioned it in the instructions.This to me is a major product defect. Luckily with Amazon I was able to return this mount but had to pay return S&H;.
Wall mount worked great and the price beats paying $80-$100 at a store seems like great quality I put a 40 inch Magnavox on it about a month ago and still on wall! Only problem I had was screws were a little to long that went into back of tv and wouldn't completely tighten up. I ground them down a bit but a couple of small washers would have worked well also. I think it was just the brand of tv and the diameter of screw needed. Kit did come with various sizes of screws for the back of tv.
I gave this mount 3 stars.5 to start because out of the box, and mounted on the wall, I really liked it for my daughter's room. The ability to move her 26" TV around so she can play in other areas of the room is a welcomed addition.I subtracted 1 star because of the tacky instructions and poor cable management for something that moves at maximum, about 2 feet away from the wall.1 more star fell off because now that the TV is mounted, the mount seems to sag, even though there are two huge lag bolts in a stud mounting it. That parts not the problem, the problem is where the tv mounts to the plate itself, it seems no matter how many washers you use, it just does not make full contact. Also if you move the TV to a new position the mounts seems to want to "fall" in that direction on its hinges. SO it must be releveled by yanking on it every time it moves.Otherwise, it works I guess. But for $50 I'd rather have a stationary mount that I never have to worry about. I would not set a tv larger than a 30" or so on this. I just don't trust it.
I gave this product a I love it rating because It's made my life a whole lot easier because I was able to mount the TV on the wall!
Paid less than $5 for these protectors (99 for the product,  around $4 for shipping). Good to protect your nook from scratches on the screen. Cleaned the screen as instructed but still had a few air bubbles. Wished the protector fit the entire front of the nook (doesn't cover the black part of the screen) but again I only paid less than $5 for the protectors and happy to keep my nook clear of scratches.
I bought this product to use primarily for work. I log 3200+ mile a week and thought this would be a good to tool to have. I love the graphics. There were a few times that it routed me thru some residential areas and a couple of times I wondered if a truck was even legal at all. I loved the feature where I could see if there was a truck stop or rest area close by though it does not have them all. My main concern or problem with this device is in the charging port. The unit get to hot at this port. I went thru 3 12vlt chargers and 1 house wall charger. eventually the plug in had got to the point of being brittle and fell apart. I talk to Rand McNally about this they sent me 1 12 volt charger. But I had to pay for the rest and if I wanted them to look at it I would have to pay shipping out of my pocket. I have a problem with that because I paid so much for it to start. I had it about 2 mos. when it started having problems. I had it 10 mos. when it finally became useless and I thrrew it away. I replaced it with the rand Mcnally 510. It's a whole different animal with a whole lot more problems and will be taken back today.
price is right on this product! very easy to install..my husband is not the most patient fella when its comes to installing new things, but this went very smooth and quick! thank goodnes! most certainly will pass the good word on this product...by the way the price was $25.00. before researching on amazon, we bought one for our first flatscreen at wal mart...mistake! the cost was 100.00! granted, it had a few extra features,which we did not need.
Why pay the $$$$ at Best Buy when you can get the same products for a fraction of the prices here.  The VideoSecu Long Arm TV Wall Mount Low Profile Full Motion works great.
This is an excellent product at an excellent price.  I would definitely repurchase & recommend this product to anyone looking for a tv mount.  Similar products in box stores cost at least double the price of this mount.
The TV mount was very easy to adapt to the flat screen TV.  The instructions for assembly were clear and straight forward.  It came with more than enough mounting screws to fit any TV.  Easy to move after the TV was mounted and stays level in any position.
I really like item ! It's perfect for the usage of the Tv..I recommend it to all buyers! Enjoy it!
This was the wrong power kit.  I had to return it.  :(  I am sure if it was the right one I would love it.
Works well, used it outside for a 32" flatscreen. Everything I needed to mount it came in the kit with extra parts for different mounting options. Would purchased another.
This item is just as was described in the original description, works without any issues to be seen. Good product
Perhaps I misunderstood how to install the mount, but I:1) Installed the mount to the wall (easy enough)2) Attach TV the mount with some screws (difficult for one person)With one arm I held the TV (heavy!). The other arm was trying to attach some small screws connecting the TV to the mount. It took quite an effort to hold the TV for that long. Certainly having two people installing this would be waaaay easier :-)I have another similar mount where the TV back plate and the mount are separate parts. So once the back plate is installed, you slide the connecting parts together. Much easier! :-)
Nice mount for the price.Used it to mount a 32' Dynex in my son's room.  All the joints seem strong and it holds the TV  sturdy.  Haven't noticed any sag in the arm as described by other reviewers.  But reading their description of the mount it seems to have been redesigned as the it didn't sound exactly like the mount I have. Who knows?Wrench provided to loosen the nuts on the mount is garbage, don't use it or you will strip them out. Don't even think of trying to use it to drive the lag bolts into the stud. Use a regular 1/2 inch box-end wrench or rachet & socket.Main complaint is that there should be a way to attach the plate to the back of the TV and then attach plate to the mount arm as in other mounts I have bought.  I did take the last arm bolt out so I could attach plate to TV first, then simply lined them back up and had my son slide the bolt through and start the nut.  If it had this easy TV mount design I would have given it 5 satrs.For $22 I'd say its worth the money.
This is a really well made and engineered product which should be twice the price. It has every kind of leveling and tilting adjustment you could want, and a nice finishing piece that goes over the wall plate and lag bolts.  The mounting process can't be rushed and planning everything out before you start makes all the difference. Just make sure you find the middle of a wall stud for the lag bolts.It easily managed a 47&#34; led lcd which weighs 35lbs, and it might take the extra 10-12 lbs of a 55&#34; led lcd if it's not pulled too far from the wall. Since it can swing out over 20&#34; I'd be carefull about going bigger than the 35lb 47&#34; tv that I mountedThe only thing which was dissappointing were the two plastic wire holders which are junk (very flimsy, one was broken in the package) and shouldn't be included when simple black wire ties work far better.
For the price, this wall mount is great.  Not too hard to install.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is wire management.  I could not get the little loop to work.  Not a big deal at all however.  Overall, I highly recommend this product.  Well worth the money.
This was exactly what I was looking for, a economical way to mount a 32 inch tv in our bedroom high on wall under tray ceiling.  It is heavy and I had a little trouble marking the holes to drill.  My mistake was not following advice to plum both holes, so after I bolted to wall it looked plum but after I mounted tv to bracket it was slightly off balance, not a big dealto correct except 6 toggle bolts are very hard to screw in with socket.  Overall, I am very happy with this, a lot of options to move tv.  HDMI cable big bonus.  Looks great too, esp with cover.  The only negative was to tilt it up or down you need to loosen 3 bolts and the supplied hex wrench too big to adjust one of the bolts so I actually had to purchase new wrench since I did not have any and adjustable wrench will not fit inside very small space for adjustment.  It takes two people to properly install this and tv.  I recommend this if you have a 32 inch Dynex.
Purchased this mount for a 40" LCD. Easy setup works perfect for corner mounting. Took 15 min to install. Great product for the price. Recommend highly.
I absolutly love this wall mount its awesome my tv is a 42 inch and it's sturdy and made of good materials its not cheap or flimsy at all . My tv swing 2 feet out from the wall and moves completely left to right so I can watch TV on my bed without breaking my neck and I can swing it to the other side of my room to play rock band or exercise . As far as the instillation went my boy firend had it set up with in a half hour he is really good as putting things together he didnt use the instructions so it must not have been that difficult to figure out .
Horrible! It doesn't charge my Nook at all! Do not buy this charger for your Nook. I want a refund.
I was worried but this thing holds up my 55&#34; 3d LG tv  and can adjust for any size...and is a great deal I'd get another if I needed one
We received the wall mount very quickly and it looked very good.  It mounted to the wall with no real problem, but since it is all one unit, you have to put the whole thing up, and then raise the TV up in the air, while you line up the screw holes in the plate with the holes in the TV back and get the screws started.  This is at least a two man operation, and our TV was small.  I cannot imagine doing this with a 32" TV.  With the four screws in place and the TV up in the air, we started connecting the wires only to discover the cable connection was covered by the mounting plate.  Brought the assistant back, removed the TV from the mount, had to disassemble the mount to get the mounting plate off, then take a hacksaw and cut one corner off the mount plate to uncover the cable connection on the back of the TV when the plate is in place, and then put it all back together again.  The design of the mounting plate is such that it cannot be disconnected from the rest of the mount and then put on the back of the TV at ground level.  The plate needs to be able to be mounted on the TV back at ground level to make sure all connections for the wires are clear.  We got it up, and it works well, but having to do it all twice, and hacksaw a notch in the mount for the cable is not what I call "easy installation".
Does exactly what it is supposed to do.  Great value.  Highly recommended product to anyone wanting to hang their TV
My second order of this item.  Amazon has the best price for wall mounts,  Please with this product and I would order another when I buy another tv.
Twice this item has turned into a useless brickTech support is only 5 days a week during business hours and then you send the unit in for repair, twice in 7 months is not a good signThey tell you it is only a tool and you should preplan the route before trusting its chosen routeMy use of this GPS is to google maps first, pick the best route then use the tnd700 as a guideI do like the features of finding rest stops and scales on route but they are not accurateRecalculating is slow after you miss a turn...They are trying to make it a good product but I feel like they are still in Beta testing of the unit.maybe in in a year or two it will be a decent  productThey also are talking about a new map upgrade that will cost close to $100How about loading it with the right maps before releasing the product?
Great wall mount!!! Works perfectly in my bedroom.  My husband and I can see the television perfectly! I would recoommend this television wall mount!!
I need to buy my third power cord within 1 year.  I refuse to do so.  The Nook power cord is NOT designed to last and causes nothing but problems ... it's either discharging or not charging.  And, I'm dismayed that I cannot buy a Nook external charger to charge my Nook while on a 3 week vacation.  I'm giving up the Nook and going to a Kindle Fire.
i used this to mount my 40 inch flat screen to the wall. even with the mount fully extended, it was very secure without any bouncing or wiggling when adjusting the screen
I have had this TND700 since October. #1 IT IS VERY VERY VERY VERY SLOW!!! IT TAKES SO LONG TO RECALCULATE A ROUTE WHEN YOU MISS A TURN THAT YOU WILL PROBABLY MISS THE NEXT TURN ALSO!! On 1 regular trip it wants to route me 98 miles further than necessary. It shows truck restricted routes where there are none (Route US2 in Vermont & Route US1 bypass in Portsmouth, NH for 2 examples). Friday 03/11/11 it told me to go South when I knew I should go North. Another very irritating feature is that the "back" buttons are in different places in each screen. Near Waterbury Connecticut it shows the speed as 45 mph on I84 when in reality it i55 mph. The unit stopped working and I thought it was the 12 volt power cord so I got a return authorization and sent it back with the 12 volt cord. Rand McNally sent me a "refurbished" which still does not work because the power cord is bad. I had to pay the return shipping. It tracks state mileage for IFTA reporting but that too is inaccurate. In 500 miles it is off more than 25 miles. In short I would not recommend this to anyone.
I wasn't willing to pay $100 for simply mounting a TV, so I bought this item to give it a shot. I have no real complaints.  It holds the TV up, which is all I wanted.  It does not have smooth pivot points, so if you're planning on moving it around a lot, don't use this one, but if it's going to stay in a static area, this is your mount.
Excellent buy! We are very pleased with this item. It performs very well. The instructions were clear. It was easy to assemble. It holds a 47&#34; TV very well.
Didn't expect much from an IFSTA published product and wasn't disappointed.  Like all their material it was okay, not great.  I felt I gained more in my prep for promotion test by reviewing my notes rather than using these tests.
This product arrived in a timely fashion. It was boxed appropriately with adaptable arms etc. I did not use the additional arms because my 40&#34; Samsung Smart TV configuration was convenient for the existing metal plate holes. Because I have used many arms for a majority of all my TV's, I can safely say this was a standard and sturdy easy to install arm. I would not use this arm for a 55&#34; TV even though it says it can accomodate it. The reason for this is because you cannot compensate for the inevitable sag or pull on the metal components. Also if you plan on a consistent manipulation of the arm in a back and forth adjustment- to which it is designed; than choosing the right arm and compatable television is a must!
Simple to install. Great price . Fit well to my 47&#34; TV. The long arms make it easy to move around .
We have been very pleased with this product and it was surprisingly easy to install.
Is easy to install and holds my TV pretty well, it is a 22&#34; and it still sags a little bit so I wouldn't probably be happy if it were a bigger TV.  Smooth, easy motion when moving it around and it has good range.
After buying a couple that didn't match up to the screw holes on the back, I decided to take my search to Amazon.  After searching for my tv, I found this one.  I found it especially useful that Amazon had a picture on the website with the measurements between the screw holes.  I could easily measure the holes in the back of my tv, before I even bought it.  Installation was very simple with easy to follow instructions.  I've had it up for 2 weeks now, and it's peforming flawlessly.
I was unsure what to expect for a 25$ wall mount for my new LED LCD 32" TV.  What I found was that the mount was easy to install and it is sturdy enough to hold the TV out at full extension without sagging.  I am very pleased with the purchase and will recommend the mount to friends
This was an old size for an older Nook that was no longer sold in B&N. did not fit my Nook. There was no way to know this before purchase.
I bought this for a gift for a friend.  They liked it so much that I decieded to get one for myself.
We hung our 40&#34; TV in our bedroom and it works perfect!  Strong and sturdy and assembles in no time.
This is probably a good mount for lighter, smaller TVs, I just didn't trust the weight rating it noted.  My LCD is 60 lbs. and I didn't even finish unboxing this before I starting searching for another one.  Very thin, light metal that ended up costing me $11 in return shipping.  Spend a few bucks more and get a heavier mount like http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001TICH08/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_img_sol_1
My flat screem computer monitor is very light and didn't need such a heavy duty mount.  The product is fine and would work for monitors much larger and heavier than my 20&#34; LED
I have a 40' flatscreen, works well for my uses.  Great price, would buy again if I had the need.
Cheapest price we could find for wall mount designed for our new tv.  We can turn the tv toward the sofa or toward the kitchen, press it against the wall, or pull it out.  One thing to keep in mind is that the tv is only flush witht he wall when the arm is off to the side, so centering the base on the wall won't center the tv.
I have used 4  Wall  mount mechanism already and and help friends to install one, this is the best I've seen.
I just got this and a new 40&#34; tv.  Installed it in 20 min.  Easy and strong.  Great buy!!!  Highly recommend this tv wall mount.
Received it very fast and onlyn took me less than a hour to install. Just make sure you make sure it's mounted to a stud.
The quality of construction is very good. It wasn't unduly difficult to install, but would be easier with two people, especially with larger sets.
works great was pretty easy to put up and does the trick. it is my sons room and really works great.
At the 28 dollars I paid, this is a great deal.  Solidly constructed and pretty easy to install, even with the badly-translated instructions.I recommend putting in just the top screw at first, and then installing the other screw after attaching the monitor.  That will let you adjust for any slight tilt created by torque on the monitor arm.*UPDATE* - It looks like they've changed the product.  Those large arms that stick out from the corners in the photo aren't present on my unit.  They may just be an addition, which would make it an even better deal.  Or they may have changed everything.
Not going to write a long review, even thought this unit deserves one. I've driven well over 1-mil miles and done most of my own routing so I pretty know whats the fastest and shortest. Have been using a basic garmin for the past three years and with ANY Gps unit they'll ALL get you in trouble if you let them. I was really excited about this unit, due to the size and the features. Allot of great grafics and on screen info thats usefull. But the most basic item that it was lacking was the gps tracking. I gave this unit allot of leadway on its mistakes due to the fact that it had allot of cool stuff that it did, but its ability to track you and route you was not even close to what the basic garmin could due. Its like the prossesor that they installed in the TND 700 was 10 years old. Example if I needed to make a simple route change I.E. in town down to the next street due to the fact that I couldn't make the turn or the street was blocked off, it would take the TND 700 upwards of 45 seconds to a minute and a half to reroute me. Here I'm sitting at a stop light waiting for directions and waiting that long with cars on my backside didn't make me happy. This is a problem that happened evertime you had to reroute, weather it was a simple street change or a major highway change. Also from the time you turned the unit on it would take twice as long to boot itself up. At least a dozen times with in a week it put me on the wrong roads and when I made a wrong turn it got it self lost....I.E. take left on xyz street, and it was some ones drive way. Or turn left in 800 yards and the turn was less than 10 feet away. You might think in a conjested city situation I might get a little mixed up, but this is out in the country. Twice it put me under 12'6" bridges when I'm 13'6". Of course I made sure all my truck setting where they were supposed to be. I also updated the OS version,via Rand McNally. All in all I expected alot out of this unit and got a unit that should of been field tested with some people that drive allot. It just had to many route mistakes. Going back to the basic garmin. This isn't just my complaints, I have three friends that bought the same unit and have the same complaints. All of us returned the units.
Given the wealth of reviews, I thought this wall mount would be a safe bet. Unfortunately, it never even made it onto the wall.The bolts securing the swing arm were tightened so far, the arm could not be moved. (It's worth noting that the enclosed instructions *do* mention that in some cases, the bolts may need to be adjusted manually. Unfortunately, these were so tight, they could not even be loosened with a wrench.)After about half an hour of struggling with it, I returned it as defective. Better luck next time.
The product is good and as described.I have a 32&#34; Vizio TV and somehow, this wall mount seems to be a little too weak for my TV. I still managed to mount my TV just fine, but gets a little paranoid that it will give in within the next few months because the mount won't be able to carry it.But the full motion swing feature is amazing! Especially if you are in a larger room.
This is a must have for the nook.  You can project anything on your display to the tv such as netflix, applications such as games.No other tablet i know of does this at HD quality.  I use it like a DVR.
The universal power kit charges my son's Nook HD as well as the original one that came with the Nook. My son's Nook has continued to charge every time it is connected to the charger for the past 2 weeks. Very pleased with product.
The only issue that I have with this mount is that is only has 2 bolts to hold it into the wall.  I have a 55&#34; that it is holding, and I really don't feel that it is that secure.  I tightened everything the way the instructions say, though when moving the TV the mount was sliding against the wall with the weight of the TV.  I would suggest only using this one with a smaller TV than it's max of 55&#34;.  I tightened everything more, and it no longer moves against the wall, but I think the stud in the wall is now cracked.  Not good.
Works great on my 27" ViewSonic , Articulation is awesome. Just right for my TV, it's light weight! came with every thing i needed to hang it. Bracket fits the back of my TV perfectly , I can pull it out 24" from the wall , no drooping at all!
Easy to install and the TV is still on the wall after three weeks! I consider this a good value for the money
Was a perfect fit for my 32&#34; flat screen TV.  I would recommend this wall mount for that size tv
I bought this wall mount to hold a LG 32 inch LCD TV.  Given that this mount can support almost twice the weight of my TV, it was a little bit of overkill but better safe than sorry.  The unit is already assembled right out of the box and just needs to be attached to the TV and a wall stud.  I made a quick template by rubbing a blank piece of paper on top of the wall bracket with a pencil. I then used a stud finder to locate the nearest studs where I wanted the TV to be and taped the template to the wall.  I used a drill driver to make pilot holes for the lag screws which helps greatly with getting them in.  I was able to use four of the lag screws.  There is a plastic two piece lag screw cover (included) that clicks together easily over the lag screw heads to make for a clean look.  The wall bracket allows for different screw patterns for easier installation.  Once I had the mount secured to the wall, it was time to attach the TV to its bracket.  This took two of us to do it quickly.  One lifted the TV and the other pressed the bracket flush against the TV and hand tightened the four screws that go into the back of it. This allowed the TV to be supported easier while a screwdriver was used to finish tightening the four screws.  After that, it was just a matter of adjusting the angle of the mount for the best TV viewing.This thing works as advertised.  The extension arm works smoothly and without much effort.  The tilt function has a nut that loosens to allow for pivot adjustments.  The cord management system works well to bundle the various cables and makes for a clean look.  You can pay a lot more for another mounting system but I doubt it will be better!
The power cable came in and worked perfectly. I recommend purchasing from Barnes & Noble and I will probably in the future.
Very sturdy. I was surprised at the quality of this mount given the price. Holds up very nicely and comes with all the necessary hardware.
No issues or problems. took me about 10 minutes to install it and it looks great on the wall! Less furniture in the bedroom now that the tv is on the wall!
Amazing! Exceeded my expectations! It fits snuggly up against my wall then swings out over the foot of my bed. It tilts left and right and swivels up or down as well as swings into various positions. Better than I hoped or envisioned!
It didn't take me too long and it was exactly what i wanted in good conditions! I recommend it :)
The wall mount did not come with extenders for larger TVs. It is pictured with extenders and no where in the listing does it say they are not included and must be purchased separately.  Not very pleased with purchase.
I was not hesitant to buy this product based on the many positive reviews but now that I have this product installed in my bedroom I have to say that the reviews undersold the  quality and value of this wall mount unit.The  mount unit itself is solid, well constructed, and designed to give you almost unlimited viewing angles. It is easy to install and comes with all the hardware and tools you need except a drill and bits for making pilot holes.Note: If you are installing in corner of room to catch corner stud you will need to leave about a 1/4 inch space between the side plate and corner of wall. I modified cover to fit but would have been easier had I left the space.What surprised me is that it also came with a mini level and an HDMI cable. Most people spend more on the cable than they would have spent on this unit.No brainer, get this if you need a wall mount for your flat panel tv.
I am awarding this mount 4 stars.I used the Video Secure mount for my 23 inch TV which weighed only 13lb. The hardware supplied was excellent for mounting it on a wood wall stud. The arm of the mount detaches so that it is easy to mount the wall plate to the stud. The mount was more than adequate for my light weight TV. It can be adjusted to swivel and tilt. The only negative was that while the plate mounted to the back of the TV with the screws provided, the lower left corner interfered with the power plug. Video Secure can provide a mount with a smaller plate. Rather than return my mount for the smaller plate, I chose to use a hacksaw and removed an approximately one by two inch corner in order to permit the plug to enter the TV. So with that caution in mind, I would recommend this product very highly. If I had ordered the smaller plate originally I would have rated it 5 Stars. I was able to do the job without any help. With a heavier TV, an extra pair of hands would be useful.
i got it based on the a suggestion you know the products often purchased with------. So I got it it said it &#34;FITS MOST&#34; 19in-36 inch tv. So not true. Well it was a BIG let down more because it was a Christmas gift the TV and wall mount was going to be up Christmas morning oh joy....But no the stupid mount didn't fit the TV. So I have the TV still sitting in the box and told the kids that Santa will have to send us the extension parts via UPS. Not Cool at.
I would have given this a 5 star rating, but it came without instructions and there were parts missing. The part is that once I figured it out, I didn't need the missing parts, and it works like a charm.
I checked around Amazon as well as some other sites, and decided these were what I needed.  I read the reviews, looked at the pictures and bought two of these.  I received them today.  I unpacked one of them, read the instructions and immediately filled out the return request for Amazon.  These mounts are very, very heavy and require 6, yes SIX, screws to mount to the wall.  Are you kidding me?  The TVs are only 22 lbs!  Two screws in the studs and then more damage to the wall than is necessary.  What a joke!  And Lag bolts?  Ever heard of screws?  The other issue is that these are very hard to move.  I bought an articulating wall mount for a reason, and I expect them to be able to move without a wrench in my hand.
This is half the price and same quality of the Peerless ones I've used in the past, and more mounting holes on the plate for to fit a wider ranges of VESA patterns.
bought for a spare for my 9&#34; Nook HD and it fit perfectly.  Very satisfied with the price much less than on the BN site
The package came in time and everything was in the box. My boyfriend put it all together and it's been over a year and the tvs still hanging in the mudroom.
Great software; horrible hardware.  Replaced it with a 720.  Best GPS program on the market for truck drivers,IMO, but Rand McNally &#34;has no fix&#34; for the excessive and early death rate on the 700 and 710.  Still...it's a great program and  I bought the 720.  Hope they fixed the morbidity problem.....
Some of the functions did not work properly.  My daughter bought this with her own money and was disappointed that it did not function as advertised.
I received the proper item. not the one pictured here. it fit almost perfect. minor adjustment. works as stated. I am completely happy with this purchase. rated 4 star because of minor adjustment. would recommend to a friend/.price was very low. compared to other stores.  pat.2378
After we located the stud and predrilled all the holes for the screws, this installed very securely and provides a good range of motion.The one hiccup was the plate that attaches to the monitor - while it had all the screw holes in the right place for our monitor (Viewsonic 22"), one of its "wings" extended over and blocked the cord and DVI sockets on the back of the monitor. I had to do some judicious hacksaw work to provide access. This had no effect on the strength of the mount, since it was all past the screw holes. But be aware a little additional work may be necessary on your install.
I am very glad for buying it.  It is heavy duty and good quality for the price.  It was very easy to install.
I bought this mounting bracket to go with a tv we just bought. It is a beautiful unit and is much cheaper than most others in stores and online. It was however the wrong size for the 32inch that we bought. We needed a 200 x 400 size. Luckily they also sell adapters to make it fit the tv so it was an easy fix and still really inexpensive. Make sure you know what size you need when ordering or you will delay the mounting  of your tv. It was very easy to assemble and install.
everyone that visits my home just love this wall mount and i am always happy to show it off. it covers a wide area. the way i have it right now, it's looks as if the tv that's on it is floating in the air. my nephews think it's kool too.
Great bracket work wonderful easy instructions and I was able to do it myself with a few tools needed for the install
Well constructed, clear instructions and it ships with MANY different combinations of screws/adaptors for all televisions.  Was able to install/mount in 15 minutes.
This mount is extremely user friendly, I have mounted flat screens in the past that were much more difficult than this one. Good buy!
We ordered these for 2 flat screens we bought for our kid's rooms.  As we were attempting to secure the wall mount to the wall we realized that the screws that came with the mount had heads way too small so there was no way to secure the mount to the wall itself.  Those same screws are meant to secure the tv to the mount as well (there are only one size of screws sent) are too long to fit into the tv so we now have to make a trip to the hardware store to find something that will work properly.  I may amend this if we're able to actually find the screws and get them hooked up for very eager children.
We had bought a more expensive one......and returned it because it was so complicated.  This TV wall mount was easy to install.  We have it supporting our 40&#34; Samsung....we are so pleased with it.....highly recommend it!!
Nothing fancy, just decent quality and simple installation.  As may have been mentioned, one must discard the provided Phillips screws that the manufacturer provides to affix the bracket to the wall stud.  Use your own.  The TV I mounted with it is an older flat-panel, so it's a little heavier than the news ones.  This thing isn't fazed, and stays where I put it.
We had the GPS for quite a while with a minimal amount of problems.  The plug in port bent but Rand McNally replaced it.  We puchased the new TND720 and gave the TND700 to our driver.  Well, our ex driver - he was technologically challenged and let the until hang off the dash on a trip from KY to TX. When I told him to secure it to the dash, he threw it in the storage department above the dash, thus the ex employee,I highly recommend the Rand McNally.  Rand McNally provides an excellent product and excellent support.
this wall mount is very steady and gives you lots of abtions position wise so you can see your tv in any position
I purchased this mount for a 42&#34; Philips LCD TV and it works perfectly. The mount is heavy and holds the TV well. We have two adjacent rooms where we relax and this mount swivels easily around the corner so that was can view the TV in either room. I was a little skeptical using only two hex head lag bolts, but it holds the base mount solidly to the wall. Some of the reviews I read before purchasing it mention sagging, but I have no such problem with this mount. Using the extension arms, the holes on the back of the TV lined up and after tightening the screws, it was very solid as well. Make your connection first, then tighten. The bolt that attaches the TV to the mount arm just before the final step to adjust the position of the screen, seems a little small, but it holds. It took me about 20 minutes to install. For $29, it was a great buy. It comes with a variety of bolts to accomodate most mountings but I'd skip using the enclosed wrench for a metric socket and good screwdriver.
I hung this in my house with great ease and it held up my 8 year old son because I wasn't going to put the 55&#34; flat screen on it to find out that it failed. Fully extends out 2 feet. This was worth the money.
Excellent mount for an excellent price.Very sturdy; extends 24&#34;; folds up nicely.Some of the mechanisms are very stiff out of the box, but it's a simple matter to loosen them to whatever works best for you.
Ordered this for my Daughters room and love it more than the others I have bought for twice as much money!! Easy to install and rock soild!!My only issue would be that you have to lift the TV up to the mount and get it screwed into the mount.. (takes 2 people)
I'm using this stylus to write this review on my NOOK tablet!  It fits perfectly into my hand, like a pen would onto a page.  It feels soft and just a bit flexible.  It has a clip if you want to secure it on the cover of your tablet.  Granted, it is a bit more expensive,, but I believe you will find the money is well spent.
This is the 3rd TV wall mount from this seller and brand.  My other two are for 37 inch TV's.  this was the first for my larger TV's.  they are TOO easy to install, literally takes us 15 minutes.  Sturdy and solid even for my larger TVs I will buy one for every TV we have!  I highly recommend this product!
What I received is more of a butterfly looking plate And therefore doesn't fit my tv without covering my inputs.  I am going to have to return it unless my dad can't use at his house.  Really bummed as I measured and thought I covered all my bases.  The item pictured looks like is would fit fine :(
I had bought another mount at our local discount store for ~ $75 plus a 6 foot HDMI cable for $22. (Over $100 with tax)! Luckily it didn't fit the 200/200 bolt pattern and I found this mount with a free 6 foot HDMI for $25.00! Could not find one made in the U.S.A. So, both were made in China! Great Mount! Great Price!
Great product. Easy installation.Works as advertised. Arrived on time and in good condition.Supports TV very well. We are enjoying the conveience it offers.
Easy to install and feels sturdy! You cant beat the price. We hung a RCA 29 inch Flat screen and it works great.
Ordered this for a 39&#34; Insigna in the den, good quaility works great.  The only problem I had was that the bolt/hole pattern would not match up correctly.  With just a little creative thinking and only the items in the package I was able to make it work out.  For the price it was a deal have no worries about it at all.
Very good material and in test form, this also helps the mind get ready for the real thing. Helps in real world testing.
Great product, awesome price compared to store prices, highly recommend product,easy to install.  Good quality, matches most tv brands. Great bargain
The wall mount was easy to use and only took a few minutes to install. It fit my 42" vizio great
After buying one for my 47&#34; LED TV, I ordered 2 more for my daughter's sets. It goes up easy, adjusts to any position. It folds flat against the wall and had a low profile. for the money and 2 day amazon prime shipping, you just can't do better.
Do not buy this for the Haier L32D1120 32" TV. It is not compatible with that TV. However, you can purchase "VESA adapter plates" for it. The Haier TV seems to require VESA 400x200, and this mount is only VESA 200 x 200.
what can i say? it's kate spade... that implies an attention to detail that should say it all... it does
the power power plug works real good. Very satisfied with it. I use it a lot. Glad I got it.
The unit arrived in minimum time, had to drill out existing pivot bolts and install larger size to take out the sag or play, it works great, also I had to cut an area out from the bottom of the plate to have access to the hook ups.As I said you get what you pay for the unit was suppose to fit my vizio 26 inch tv.
I received it, opened it, installed wall portion, installed back plate on 32" Sony TV, and mounted on wall without issue - very solid. I then discovered I had no place to plug my power cord, dang - it's under the back plate. reversed process and this time plugged in power cord first then applied back plate - re-mounted - adjusted viewing angle - Perfect!
firstly, this thing is sturdy! I mean i gotta 55in sony hangin from it and even when you pull it all the way out it holds great!the only thing is the bottom 2 bars of the x shaped support stick out past the bottom of the tv and are visable. it just doesn't look exactly clean but it holds up.I think this is more of a sony tv design flaw having the mounts off center. however, I cant help but think if the x bar things could &#34;slide' to varying lengths, then fasten it would make this product 5 stars.I if you want to position it a specific way you also have to use a socket to loosen it, move it, then tighten it. its not a big deal for me becuase i dont move it often enough. its not a big deal but for the price it is great!
This was a Great price and worked well for my new 55&#34; flat screen 3 D TV!  Easy assembly and strong mount.
This is the smallest articulating tv mount I have seen so far it is holding up a 40 inch flatscreen effortlessly and makes the room look bigger with out being noticable
very heavy duty construction, extends, tilts perfectlya steal at this pricewill be happy to buy another 1 or 2 if needed
Awesome, great wall mount for TV, came with 2) 2-1/2&#34; lag bolts and a vast assortment of hard ware, so much hardware you should be able to mount any TV to the mount.  Mount is hidden completely behind TV yet looks attractive, folds to just a few inches from the wall or pulls out to position, easy to adjust angle adjustment and came with clips to keep the cord from being pinched inside the mount.  Shipped and arrived very quickly.
this is a great purchase I recommend it to anyone looking for a wall mount.... I do recommend that you pick up all the proper tools first but after that its a breeze
Compared to mounts I have used on other display panels, this is very poor quality. Motion joints have unpredictable friction. Loosening or tightening joints is good for one or two motions, then they loosen more or become sticky. I would not mount a $600 display on such a poorly made mount. I have returned it to Amazon. Return process was very easy. High marks for that!
This is perfect for your bedroom or office.  You can swivel it and turn it to whatever direction of the room you are in.  This is a very inexpensive product but works great for me.  Love this product!
Totally love this product!! I bought two - one for living room, one for bedroom.  I decided to try my hand in the bedroom first (in case I got frustrated and didn't finish the project).I've gotten items needing to be assembled before with all the hardware in one bag -- not so with this product!!  I'm impressed! Every nut, bolt, screw, washer, etc. is clearly packaged (individually by size and labeled!)The Arm also comes assembled -- which I disassembled for easier handling (the wall plate is attached to the Arm with two Carriage Bolts / easy to remove and makes holding in place while bolting to the wall a breeze).Took me 1-1/2 hours from start (gathering my tools) to finish (hanging the TV)  Oh, and I'm a 56 yr old disabled female.  I do have a  lot of construction/tool knowledge however.
I have purchased this mount twice now - one for my bedroom TV, and one for my living room TV.  The bedroom TV is a 35" LCD, and the TV in the living room is a 55" LED.  (Surprisingly enough, they both weigh 50 pounds...)  This mount works very well for both of them.  It's relatively simple to install - you just need to find a stud and screw the support in to it.  (I will admit that my bedroom TV has been attached not to a wall stud, but a jury-rigged support brace on a cabinet.  It's still there and attached after 6 months.)I will say that the joints in the arms are quite stiff - it can take a little muscle to move the TV.  But I think I prefer that - it certainly doesn't feel flimsy, and it stays wherever I put it.A tip for would-be purchasers: make sure your TV supports this mount.  You can usually find your compatible VESA patterns in your user's manual.  (Or a quick online search, perhaps.)  As I often say - when buying online, it pays to do your homework.
I used this mount on a 32" flat screen and it worked well.  I don't think I would use it on any larger TVs than a 32".
The VideoSecu line of articulating wall mounts has become our standard of choice for high quality articulating wall mounts within our home.  The value is such that the convenience of having an articulating wall mount for connecting or reconnecting cables is well worth the few bucks required to mount our HDTVs conveniently to the wall.  Highly recommend this great quality product. This wall mount will secure any of the HDTVs using the VESA 100 or VESA 200 mount pattern. We like to use a mount on the larger end than actually needed so if we later upgrade the HDTV with a larger size there's a much better chance we won't need to replace the articulating mount.
Received the Nook cover in the time that was suppose to and the cover was in excellent condition. Was glad to be able to find this as it is not available in the stores any longer. Was pleased with the product and timely manner in which it was received.
Item rec'd very quickly and was just as described. This same item is sold at the big boxes for three or four times the price. Included was enough hardware to fill a store and additional brackets to hang most any flat screen TV..

True BN OEM will buy again. You have to get OEM chargers with Nooks, otherwise it's money and time wasted.
This is a great TV wall mount. After reading the reviews decided to purchase for a new Samsung 32" for bedroom.  The mount was easy to assemble and mount to wall. Although instructions call for finding a wall stud to mount, the hardware package includes large dry wall anchors and screws.  I opted to purchase "Toggler" high performance drywall anchors/toggle bolts.  These cost a couple bucks for a package of two at any big box store and they hold up to 240 lbs each.  There was no stud near where I needed to mount the bracket for the TV mount, so I used four toggler bolts, which was probably overkill.  The TV itself easily mounted to the wall bracket with hardware provided.  TV was on the wall and in use in less than 30 minutes.  Really like the 15 degree angle, which works great in a bedroom.  For the price you can't beat this mount.  Although I will probably never use the articulating arm, it is great for adding/moving cables from behind the TV by simply pulling it away from the wall.  Would highly recommend.
I like that it does everything that it is suppose to do and the price was much better than with Barnes and Noble.
I've had mine for a year and here's what we got. It tries to route be down non truck routes while telling me the truck route is illegal for me. This is such a bad problem that even Interstate 25 in Denver Colorado is listed (according to this GPS) as a non- truck route and will route you through the city instead. There are several drivers within our company who own one and more than half (of about 50) have crashed to an un-recoverable state. Our company representative said that Rand McNally informed them that the GPS was not designed to say on for a long period of time. Really? it's a truck driver GPS. We have one driver with a $2400 dollar ticket due to this GPS routing him down the wrong road. The companies response was to update the unit. I've had mine for a year, I never noticed one update that corrected functionality, they only seem to keep messing the tools. I want a GPS that routes, if I wanted tools I'd buy software for my computer.My suggestion is to by a nice Garmen. My one rated for cars actually routes me better than this one rated for trucks.Wayne
Very easy to install ! Love it ! I can easy move the tv from one side to the other !
Works great, very happy with the purchased. Mounted our Vizio 40&#34; TV on the wall and has full motion. Easy to adjust and install.
This was easy to set up and we do enjoy being able to watch TV in the bed room. Then fall asleep.
This mount works perfectly...I purchased one about two years ago for a small garage TV and now for a larger bedroom tv and they both were a breeze to install and they work great.Quality material for a great price!
I was looking for an articulating wall mount arm for a 32" LCD that would mount near the corner of a wall.  Because of the TV's location I wanted something that would provide flexability and movement for optimal viewing angles.  I looked at several brands but for the price I was leaning toward the VideoSecu mount. The product description says it will hold a screen up to 37" so this should be no problem.I would not recommend this for someone who needs to move a large screen very often because the mount becomes stiff at the various joints under the weight of the TV. If you are looking for something you can set in one place (or periodically move) that offers more flexability than a traditional wall mount, this is an awesome product for the price.If I had it to do over again, I'd buy the same mount...
We bought 2 of these. One to go with a new purchase and one older TV. The functionality seems to be just what we need.  Thanks for the fast shipment!!
The product claimed to be new but the outer packaging was extremely beat up so I had to take the product out of its case and gift it that way. The product looked new but the packaging was not presentable at all which in turn made me questions whether or not the product was actually new.
hard to install, very hard to move around once installed, need to loosen all the screws to make it move around, and it seems as if it is going to fall off the wall. i would not buy it again.
I have a very early model 42in flatscreen. The specs say the TV weighs in at 52lbs, i also have my soundbar mounted below the tv so thats another 5lbs or so on the mount. I'm pushing the limits of the mount with damn near 60lbs which the mount claims to support and so far it is. The arm does flex a good amount right at the middle connection but doesnt seem to be failing.I have moved the arm in all positions, straight out, flat against wall and anywhere in between. Does have that &#34;flex&#34; to it but nothing has gotten worse over time so im confident that it is a sturdy product... just has me a little on edge because it looks unsafe however feels good.Make sure to mount this into a stud in the wall... if your relying only on anchors/drywall and you have a heavy tv like me there is no way it will stay.If it breaks ill let you guys know
Came in right on time!  Instructions were easy to read and it went together without any problems.  Fit our 46&#34; TV perfectly.
This is a high quality product with a more reasonable price than offered at retail stores. Strong, durable, very practical. Definitely recommend.
Well as one of the first to get this I figured I'd give a review. The screen is great. It's pretty clear and seems tough enough not to need a screen protector. The plastic that was on the screen out-of-the-box left glue residue which was a pain to remove. It comes with a stylus that works great but navigating around with your finger is easy and works just fine. I usually just have to tap it with the back of my finger. When you get it, charge it for a few hours before you use it at all. I'm not sure if my over sized good laptop even was charging it. So use the wall outlet. It comes with nice cables for both wall outlet and 12 volt, as well as a good usb cable. The supplied mount is excellent and easy to use. No tools required. The screen part snaps into another flat part on the mount and you have to make sure it's clicked in all the way or it will drop out.. AFTER IT IS FULLY CHARGED, plug it in the pc and get your first free lifetime update. The software loads fine and tries to start up each time you use the computer. I stopped that and made a shortcut to start it myself. There are no options I saw to disable it from auto starting... I used ccleaner/tools/startup to disable it. The program DOES use a lot of resources when running, but you only need to update once in a while.My first drive with it was Tampa to El Paso. It saves my height, width, weight and hazmat class. I was hauling hazmat. It gave a killer route that would have saved time but I had to alter it for the company fuel stops and routes. It tells you everything you need to know. Where travel centers are and what they have, scales and weigh stations and much more which can all be symbols on the map if you wish. YAY now i don't have to buy an iphone. Some stuff in the manual says parts are for future use so I'm guessing the updates are going to give even more. You can manually adjust the zoom. The automatic screen zooming works great. One time it was dark and cloudy with a cool looking sky and I looked at my screen and saw the exact same thing as I approached a ramp. You can save all your addresses and stops and put notes in them for phone numbers and gate codes etc. Then make groups (folders) for your addresses so you can find them even quicker. I sat there for 9 hours like a jerk and typed in all the company terminals and drop yards. It was fun. I'm saving each new stop now with notes too.Once the GPS kinda got confused and mixed up my current rout with a completed one. It may have been my fault but I don't think so. I just restarted it real quick and it worked fine again.I also used it in my car. It's easy to switch between truck and car mode. I drive a medium large car and the 7 inch unit was a bit to big and did obstruct my view a little.The voice is fine and easy to adjust. The thing is nice and it works good. The traffic and road updates for life. I don't have to use internet or buy a netbook (with gps) and software... I'm happy I got it. I don't get lost anymore.I like the TND 700. I'd just like to tell Rand Mcnally that since we spent as much on this as for a laptop, please make this the best and keep updates and innovations coming to us for the next few years at least. I'm kinda expecting you to make the software on the unit and on the TND DOCK (pc software) a bit better. I'd also like to be able to set up routes INTERSTATE to INTERSTATE to INTERSTATE to FINAL in order to comply with company route solutions. Sometimes we can't take all those better routes the unit suggests. You can make this worthy of five stars with just a little more effort.  Well, I gotta haul A$$. Joe
Well, what can I say.  I've had this unit in my truck for about four days now.  Prior to that I had a Garmin 755T non-truck GPS.  One of my favorite features in that unit was the ability to plan a route by determining mileage using the stop or via feature.  What I would do is using a map I would route myself several different ways forcing the unit by putting in stops or vias at different locations along the route, otherwise, like most GPS 's, it determines what it thinks is the best route.  I could add up to 10 Via's or stop points for each route and then based on mileage and other factors determine which is the best route to take.  Multiple stops and the ability to route was the most important reason for having the Garmin.  However it was not truck specific.  And considering I am now hauling strictly hazmat I wanted something that would take that into consideration.  After perusing various forums, review sites, and word-of-mouth my choices boiled down to the Garmin 465T or the RAND McNally Intelliroute TND 700.  Even though it was quite a bit more than the Garmin I chose the TND 700 for several reasons.  The main one being the extra screen size, and its ability to coordinate with the RAND McNally truck atlas and also its ease of updating.Now on to my first impression of the TND 700.  It seems to be an aesthetically pleasing and durably built unit.  The first thing I noticed was it's very slow to boot compared to my old Garmin.  Whether this is unique to the TND 700 or is common amongst all truck specific gps units I cannot tell, but it's really not that big of a deal.  The second thing I noticed was the overwhelming wealth of information put forth.  That might explain why the manual (available via the TND dock) is well over 100 pages long.....  There is somewhat of a learning curve with this unit.  The next thing I noticed was the complexity of entering routes.  As previously mentioned I like to force it into my preferred routing by the use of stops or vias.  That was a big no go with this unit.  While you can enter multiple stops or vias it is nowhere near as user-friendly as my old Garmin.  Furthermore there is no way you can determine total mileage on the route that you have chosen, as I could with the Garmin.  Totally flummoxed by what appeared to be an omission of one of the best routing tools a trucker could have I went online and verified through an expert source connected with RAND McNally that no, that feature was a couple updates down the line and was not available at this point.  Unbelievable.  Also forcing the unit to follow a specific route can be very challenging.  For a unit of this price, and feature laden, I find this totally unacceptable.  I am still mulling over selling this unit  and buying the Garmin 465T.  I really do like this GPS, the screen is magnificent, and the volume is awesome.Another thing I've noticed, which I do not think is unique to this unit, is some of the weird routing that it does.  I've never owned a truck specific GPS before but after playing with this one for a couple of days I get the impression that what RAND MacNally (and the others that use Navteq) has done is take a plain old car specific Navteq map and a road atlas with truck restrictions and made notifications on the map.  In most databases there is not a 100% thorough listing of every road in the country.  What I mean is that this unit will route you down roads you don't belong on.  Today while coming home it tried routing me on several  9 ton County roads.  What that means is that a truck is limited to 73280 unless the road is posted at 10 tons.  County roads do not have that restriction listed in the RAND McNally road atlas, so I believe that is why it is not listed.....  Also unacceptable in a unit of this price and sold as truck specific.  However I'd be willing to bet the other truck specific units are the same way as no one has ever done a truck specific version of NavTeq.Another bone I have to pick is the POI's. Not only the truck specific ones but the others all seem to be somewhat outdated.  I think the Garmin, at least the ones that I have used, are more current.  It would also be nice if I could add my own POI'sTo sum it up I will keep this unit a little longer to see if I can make it workable.  If not I will go back to Garmin.  I like the concept and I like the unit but at this point I'll have to say I am somewhat unimpressed.pros:Large screenterrific imagesoutstanding volumecons:inability to determine route mileage by multiple stops and viasa somewhat outdated POI information.Non-truck specific routings.Cost.
It is the year 2005. The 21st Century. We've put men on the moon. We've launched space probes to the edges of our solar system. We can even remotely drive little vehicles along the surfaces of other planets.But we can't design a simply on/off button.The on/off button for the Blue Logger is one of the most insanely stupid things I've ever encountered. Some mentally-challenged engineer somewhere decided that you have to hold the button 2-4 seconds to turn it on, and 2-4 seconds to turn it off.It doesn't *sound* that difficult to do, but in practice it is infuriating, especially when you are trying to turn it on but end up turning it off. Right now the Blue Logger is sitting in front of me and I cannot turn it off. It simply will not turn off.Oh, and I've had lots of problems connecting it to my Bluetooth adapter, and have yet to get Street Atlas USA 2005 to recognize it.
I have used this device for over a year.  It is an acceptable GPS device but loses the logging function whenever it is turned off.  To enable logging, you then have to use the computer software to enable it.  This makes it useless as logger unless you set it and immediately use it.  If you turn it off, it loses the data.  I have returned it to Delorme for service and was assured it functions perfectly.  I assume they are referrring to the GPS function.  It is no better than a paper weight as a logger.  If you want one, buy mine.  Delorme turned me down when I offered to sell it to them at half price.
This TV mount is perfect for a tight spot on the wall for a 40&#34; TV.  I needed it to swing 180 degrees
Great value and functionality...very pleased with the two I purchased which are both in bedrooms holding a 32" flat screen but will hold a much larger tv if necessary...great swivel and tilt...very good price as well
Proprietary connectors are a pain to deal with.  The could have used a standardized connector, but no, they'd rather gouge you for $50 instead.  This connector itself is cheap, and doesn't really lock-in as well as other 30-pin connectors.  The charging cable alone is reason enough to buy another brand of tablet.  Extremely dis-satisfied with the price to value ratio.
Do not waste your money on this thing it is terrible i boutght this product for my son and when i put in phone numbers for him to remember or the date and  it would always reset then i would have to do it all over again i couldn't do anything about it it was getting very frustrating so we just threw it away DO NOT Absolutely DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS
Good quality and nice articulating action.  I like the versatility of the the mounting for different tv sizes.  The only bad thing is the mount brackets stick out a bit from the bottom of the television.
Sturdy, easy to install swivel mount.  Holds our 32" Vizio perfectly. This was exactly what we were looking for, and at a great price!
This is a Great Wall mount and especially for the cost!  I've ordered a second one to hang another tv. I would definitely recommend!
Very happy.with.my nook cover.  I want one with a different quote but this one is fine.  I love the cover.
This is possibly one of the best mounting kits I've ever purchased. I like the fact that there are pieces so the mounting kit can cater to all models of TV. (Whether they have a rounded or flat back). Mine had a flat back so I didn't need the extra piece, but once that step was cleared it was only a matter of minutes before it went up on my wall.  The adjustable arm is nice, as it is setup in our bedroom. At night the TV is angled towards the bed and makes it super easy for both of us to see up on the wall, and during the day its turned in another direction towards my desk - also making the ability to view the TV while working.The material is very strong, hubby did a pull up on the bar and it didn't even budge.  This thing seems as though it will last quite a long time.  It's already been up for over a month and it was a wonderful addition to my master bedroom, I'll be purchasing more over time for the other rooms in the home with larger model TVs.
I used this to mount a 42&#34; TCL tv.  Mounted up great.  Nice that it includes a full set of different size screws to find the right match for your tv.  By the time this was on the wall, I did need to retighten the tension bolts to keep the tv at the right angle on the wall.  Full motion tilt is nice, but I imagine lots of repositioning might need more tightening down the road.
I love this mount! All the adjustments for tilt and extension are awesome! Holds a Sony 32in Ex-3000 just fine even fully extended. Even bought another. A++Mike
So I'm not an expert but i do like my gadgets. I asked for this wall mount as a Christmas present for my bedroom. it was very simple to put up. it holds my 32 inch Vizio tv with no problem whatsoever. the mount itself is made very well made and i am really happy with this product. oh, the price was a very big factor. Great price and a great deal also comes with a hdmi cable and a level.
My only compliant is that even though it says it will support my TV.  The weight of it must be too much, for I can not get the arm to stay extended. Works fine for staying close to the wall, but not flush.
My wife found an old cabinet at a thrift shop that we wanted to convert to an entertainment cabinet for our NH vacation home. We have a 32&#34; flat screen TV and thought that it would just fit. When measuring we forgot to consider the frame around the screen which made the set 1/8 of an inch too big to recess into the cabinet. Fortunately, we found the VideoSecu TV mount and were able to mount that to the back of the cabinet and give our TV the mobility to turn on an angle and &#34;fold&#34; into the cabinet when not in use, then extend out to the front and be easily angled in whatever direction we want when we are viewing. Ease of installation, use and price made this a great value!!
This is an inexpensive wall mount flat screen holder that is really easy to install, and there's no assembly required.  You just find a beam (preferably), screw it in, screw the TV to the unit and you're done.  It's a bit tight to move around, but you can simply loosen the bolts at the hinges.  I'm very impressed.  For the $, it's 5 stars.
Would never put anything biggest than a 27in , has week points and sags.I guess you get what you pay for.
This wall mount turned out to be great value. It does everything as advertised and was easy to install. Glad I didn't spend the $125 they wanted for a similar product at the big box store.
My application was to set a 50&#34; TV right under the ceiling in my sports room. Plus, the location was above the closet's sliding doors leaving only 17&#34; of vertical space on the wall. This mount allowed for such a tiny foot print with no problems. And it carried another solution of aligning the top of the mount and the top of TV because of the ceiling proximity. I could orient upper brackets horizontally and use a steeper angle for lower brackets. Because of a plethora of holes in the arm plate I could accommodate for any geometry. Amazingly, this kit comes with brackets-extenders if you need for weird TV form factors. The construction is very sturdy and there is no gaps in the joints. The TV can be turned and moved to any direction without skewing or loss of horizontal. Because of the extended arm it has another great potential by attaching your great old speakers to the back of the TV holding brackets. This might save you $500 - $1,000 on a Sound Bar.
I am unable to use it in my trailer. I am going to give it to my son who lives nearby for his new house.
It is a really nice mount for the price.  I hung a 32' Vizio TV with it and it is working well. I would not go any larger then this TV.  I had to buy machine screw at the hardware store to fasten the mount to the TV.
This is what I wanted for the TV. It is well constructed & easy to install all for a resonable price.
Excellent product, fast shipping, great price, easy to install on wall, highly recommend this tv wall mount. I will be ordering this mount again for basement tv after i finish remodel. 24'' wall arm works perfectly as a corner mount in living room.
What is with all the 4 and 5 star reviews? This mount is atrocious!Installation isn't too bad. But you do need 2 people for this.As for quality... there is none. It's the epitome of "Made in China". It's extremely flimsy and I was so afraid to keep my TV mounted on this thing that I returned it to Amazon.Rotating the TV on this is also VERY hard. I think you have a good chance of breaking your TV if you rotate it too many times on this thing. You have to use a LOT of force to get it to move.DO NOT GET THIS. For $18 I should have known better. You're paying for spray painted metal and some screws.However, if you don't need to rotate your TV, this will do the job I suppose
I used the 68HCS12 microcontroller for school in a Embedded Systems class and I wanted an EVB to play around with. The HCS12 is pretty easy to work with if you can keep the registers in order (in your head) It has many of the features you might need like I/O compare, ADC, Timer, (I use these the most).. The board comes with an bread board attachment which can be handy. When it came it looked brand new straight from Axion. I bought an serial to USB cable from "plugable" which I would recommend if your laptop does not have D9 port. I installed the Serial to USB driver. Hooked up the EVB. Installed HCS12 compiler and loader. Found the Serial Channel and loaded a program in the CD and it was running in about 15 minutes. So I know it works of of basic programs. I am looking into getting Codewarrior for HCS12. They do have code size restriuctions which I think is kind of dirty but there are ways around it. It would help programming the Chip(writing in Assembly is hell). Make sure you read the data sheet of freescale to see if the chip works for your needs. This chip only has 4K EEPROM memory 512K Byte Flash, EEPROM 14K Byte SRAM, which I think is enough for programming a cheap robot to detect landmines. Great buy for 20 bucks. get plugable serial to USB..It works great too.. Happy Engineering
I bought the uint for a 32 &#34; Tando.  I couldn't get the parts to line up so I bought another fixed type.
Was very pleased with this product.  The directions were very clear and all of the parts necessary to install (other than the drill to make holes in the wall) were included.  Includes various screws to fit many models and TVs of all sizes.  This price was also cheaper than other TV mounts with the same specifications.  If I had room for another TV, I would definitely purchase this mount for it!
I mounted this in my RV and it holds a 26" LCD TV / DVD combo.  Installation was very easy and the mount works GREAT!  I was prepared to pay 5 times the price for a mount that would work as I wanted.  I couldn't be happier.
It works as indicated, but the quality of the hardware leaves a lot to be desired.  The bolts and screws are not made of a good grade steel and strip easily.  Also there's only one screw that controls the tilt of the tv, and because it's hard to reach and hard to use since it strips so easily, you're kind of left with a cock-eyed installation.
This wall mount is super affordable! I purchased 2, 1 for my room, 1 for the family room. The family room installed with no issues. The one in the bedroom had a small issue, we had to cut 2 in off the bottom legs to make it fit. These mounts are very adjustable and function well.
I am loving this product, it is what I was expecting and more.  I was worried about those extensions on the end and didn't even have to use them, but they are thicker than they look in the picture.  Was worried a bit about getting caught with you get what you pay for and a lot of cases that is true, but I think this will hold up as well as the ones you may spend $100's for.  I also like the range of movement that this has, which is a big reason for this particular model.
Very simple to install, even on my older model flat panel tv. Would recommend to anyone who is hesitant on spending alot of money.
Bought this for a 55" Samsung Smart TV, and oh man, it's fantastic! I installed it without using a powerdrill, but I recommend using a socket wrench and most certainly a stud finder of some sort. Very easy-to-understand instructions.
Well worth the money would buy again and suggest item built as good as the ones in the stores for double the money
I gave this product a 4 star rating. I used it to mount a 40 inch flat screen TV. The bracket is well built, easy to install and has clean lines (no exposed mounting bolts).  An area of the bracket that could be improved is the swivel joint at the back of the TV plate that is used to adjust forward tilt and level of the TV. It works and is sturdy once adjusted but adjustment is by trial and error. Adjustment is achieved by loosening 4 bolts, moving the TV to the desired TV tilt and level and then tightening the bolts while steadying the TV. After tightening the bolts and releasing the TV there is some movement of the joint. Getting the desired tilt and level took several tries.
I think this is basically a good product. It is very sturdy for the money. My only beefs are that I found the instructions quite poor and lacking  in detail. I found the tilt and swivel adjustment more difficult than other reviewers. It requires you to loosen a bolt that is hard to get to, and it took me a while to figure out where it was because it was hidden under plastic covers in the arm. Because it is so sturdy and very affordable, I will probably buy another for my upstairs tv.
Quick and easy installation - very solid product. Very pleased with this purchase.When in need of this type mount again I will certainly purchase this brand/model again.Great price on Amazon makes it very easy.
It's hard to argue with this mount for the price.  It's an excellent value and sturdy.  I mounted a 32" LG set that weighs about 17 lbs and did not experience any sag.  The instructions do not indicate this, but I removed the TV plate and the wall bracket from the arms to facilitate installation.  My LG set has a 200mm x 100mm mount pattern.  The M4 screws are the correct choice for my application, but I needed washers to prevent the screw heads from passing through the large holes in the plate.  There are some spacers/washers included in the hardware pack, but I decided to pick up 4 fender washers and used those instead.  After I got the plate mounted to the TV and the wall bracket mounted, I reattached the arms to the TV bracket and re-installed the bolt I removed earlier.  I had a helper install the bolt attaching the arm to the wall plate while I held onto the TV.  Once I got everything tightened up, I was a bit concerned that the set was crooked even though I installed the wall bracket level and plum.  Luckily there is about 5 degrees of rotation adjustment in this mount which will remedy any slight rotation issues.  I'm very happy with this product and feel it is an outstanding value.
It is up know and should work fine, but it was hard to get it to fit my TV due to the bulge on the bottom, but I made it work and it is on the wall.
The only thing going for this item is the price.  Three of the hinge bolts had rust in it.  The arm comes apart at one of the hinges so you mount the bracket to the wall and the other bracket to the TV and then hang the TV back onto the hinge.  I had to struggle a bit to get the TV angle just right since there was quite a bit of binding between the hinge pin and the sleeve.  I couldn't free the TV either and reposition myself due to the binding.  Eventually, I powered through it and got the sleeve seated on the pin.  For a little of $20 for the mount, I'm not complaining too much though so I give it an average rating.
had a couple of guys put this up for me, but they said it was easy to install. I like the fact that I can move it around easily and tilt it anyway I want it to be.
I bought two of these mounts for two different size TVs. (36" Vizio and a 27" Sony with built in DVD).When I looked in the different stores, I was very disappointed in the price.  Most were anywhere from $60 - $100.  When I saw these on Amazon, I took a chance and was very glad I did.  I don't plan on moving the TV in and out all that much, but wanted it flexibility - just in case.  They installed with ease, came with more than enough screws for most any TV.  Both are working great and have no problems what so ever.  I would buy them again.
Excellent mount. If you mount inside a cabinet be sure to account for slight sag when fully extended( 1/2 inch-3/4 inch). Obviously needs a stud for mounting using  two lag bolts. I used this to mount  a VIZIO E291-A1 into a kitchen cabinet. This allowed me to pull most of TV out of the cabinet and position it at an angle to accommodate viewing from any point in the kitchen. In a kitchen environment 1080p is completely unnecessary(720p is just right).
Installation was fairly straight forward.  I do wish arm used more than 2 screws to secure to the wall.  It does not seem to have any problem with my 38&#34; TV that weighs over 50 lbs, but I'm leery of what would happen during an earth quake.
This mount is just what I needed.  It is strong and sturdy.  It folds almost flat to enable the television to sit square and flat against the wall if desired and extends and rotates for angle turns.  A perfect fit as long as you match the correct visa pattern for your television.
This product was easy to install and fits a wide variety of tv's. It is built with heavy duty materials and not flimsy plastic. It is a great buy.
Works as expected.  The original burn out, how I don't know.  But I needed a new one fast vey fast.
my unit arrived quickly, installation is so easy plus it comes with everything you need to install it. Highly recommend this product.
This mount is wonderful.  I was a bit nervous about it because it met our 46" TV's specifications but I had trouble finding someone who had used it for that big of a TV.  It was very easy to mount our TV and it looks great on the wall.  We have a Hannspree 46" TV and it works great.
Couldn't have been easier. Very easily adjusted. My TV was a 200X200 VESA, so I didn't have to use the extension arms.
I have two of these now in different rooms. Works well with my Samsung TV'S  for the size noted above
I like the fact that it was at a resonable price and very easy to assemble.  TV looks great on the wall.
For the money it works fine, but it will take two people to mount your TV to the bracket.  The bracket and mount are sturdy enough but it will not articulate as smoothly as some of the higher priced models.  Also, do not bother with the bubble level as it is cheaply made and will not provide an accurate reading.I will keep this one as I already mounted up the TV, but the next unit I buy will be a higher priced, easier to articulate mount.
This item was easy to install, the price is amazing. The mount worked perfectly for our TV. I bought another for my father when I saw how great it was. We can't find such great one in the store for a decent price.
I rated it 4 star because I didnt get the right cord to charge the nook. Was sent the wrong power cord and had to buy the right cord for almost the same price I bought the nook for.
Thought this product would hold up to weight of TV.  If your TV is heavy consider another wall mount product
I'm very happy with every aspect of this TV wall mount. I put up an Emerson 32 TV in a corner so it faces out at a 45 degree angle with about a 10 degree down tilt. This bracket allows for a lot of flexibility on angles in all directions, which makes it very versatile. It's solid, well built and easy to install. A no-brainer purchase.
The unit is flexible to fit different size flat screens, works great, at a good price.  Installation was very easy, and it very sturdy.
Easy to install...as described.  Makes it easy to see tv from anywhere in the room. Would buy this item again.
This product is user friendly and versatile.It is easy to install and comes with everything needed for installation.Adding bidding could drill and bit
Good movement options, but VERY tight/stiff.  Hoping it will get a little easier with time and be less awkward to adjust.  Good deal for the price it seems so far.
I bought it so I can move my computer monitor on the wall. The mount is sturdy, reliable, and looks great.
This is an exceptional tv wall mount. It is very easy to install. It comes with a variety of screws to match the back of the television. The mounting screws are improved and very adequate. It took longer to decide where to place it than it did to actually install the mount and television. The center of the two arms separate, making it very easy to hang and attach the television.  It is a great value and a quality product. Please be sure the hole pattern options match the tv set.
Did not include the arms shown. therefore when i went to use the only mounting option i had, it covered over the plug socket. so i had to rig it up on the top holess and use some 90 degree picture frame angle brackets to make it work
So I spent awhile banging on the wall to find the stud, then started drilling holes only to solid 17 holes to find it. Once i found it, another 5 holes later showed me where the edges were. I still ended up just missing, only getting 4 out of the 6 screws actually into the stud, but its solid with a 32" LCD 28 pounder. The level it comes with is great- don't be afraid to take it apart to make installation easier.
I mounted my 50 inch thin flat screen tv with no real problem except it was straight so I had to readjust it, LOL. But it holds aewsome.
I bought this GPS because of the 7" display. It's large and easy to see on my semi-tractor dash. The problem is that the antenna couldn't pick up a signal reliably. It would often drop out for 30-45 minutes at a time. I called the supplier in LA repeatedly and he promised to send an external antenna but never delivered.I finally gave it away and bought a Magellan 1475T. It's a bit smaller but it works perfectly!
This mount is just amazing, the price is unbeatable, its extremely easy to insall, definately gonna buy more for my next projects.
I ordered this and was a little skeptical at first. Once mounting to the wall (easy), attaching the face plat to my TV (easier), and then mounting one to the other (easiest), I was sold! From there, it took me moments to figure out how to adjust the tilt. I was sold! I can watch my TV from anywhere in my house now!! And it's the perfect solution for people with small spaces that don't want to waste floor area with a TV stand!
I really like the action on this mount.  I purchased a 27&#34; monitor for my wife and this mount really frees up the desktop real estate.  I would purchase again.
After going to B&N to pick up a charger and seeing the large price tag I found this charger. Works great!! Haven't had any problems!
THIS IS GREAT NOW I CAN WATCH THE MOVIES FROM MY NOOK ON MY TV THATS BADASS THAT IS COOL
This item is easy to install..it fits just perfect in the corner where we mounted it for our kitchen TV.
Good quality.  Must mount on a stud.  I mounted to a metal stud by cutting a rectangle hole in wall, adding a 2 ft 2x4 in the metal stud track, patched the hole and then put up the mount.  Holds a 37&#34; TV without a problem,even added a DVD player to the bottom of the TV and it is still on the wall after about 8 months.  Price on this item was great and it was sent with FREE FREIGHT!
loved it....half the price compared to stores will be getting another one for my daughters tv.....diff recommend buying this good luck
Very nice.
I bought this depending on the reviews I saw, got to say it was worth it, it holds my 40&#34; TV up perfectly and there has been no issues or problems!!
Very inexpensive compared to other sites and stores.  It was easy to install and works great with my Samsung 32in tv.
great product ,great price the only thing that should be noted is the mounting point is not centered its offset, so if you are mounting over fireplace as i am this creates a positioning problem. i worked it out though just wished it was part of the discription.
Excellent value for the money. Way nicer than I thought it would be. I am pleasantly surprised. I would recommend.
Works great I just wish it tilted up and down to then it would definitely be a 5 star product
The product works great. I have put 2 different Tv's on the wall mount and it works and adjusts great. Plus plenty of hardware for mounting the product was provided.
It probably would have been good, but the wrong item was sent to me.....and I ended up having to go to a local retailer and purchase another one that would work....the installer was not gonna be able to come.back.for several weeks and if they came back I would have had to pay another trip charge.Therefore I wasn't able to use the mounting support that was sent and there is too much involved to sending it back....Probably will not order items this way again....
Very easy to mount and hang the tv.  The mount is very versatile to accommodate many sizes should the need arise.
This flexible mount works great for our 32" flat-screen. I wanted something that would fit tight back into a corner and this did the trick. Installed the back plate into the stud closest to the corner and then angled the flat-screen diagonally up into the corner looking down into our kitchen nook for viewing. Now the mount and cables remain invisible behind the TV. Love it and would highly recommend this mount, not to mention the price is right!
It does everything that I need and the price is right.  It is well put together and was easy to install.
Software is not the full program they want to spent another hundred for the full version. Expensive in my thinking.
THIS PRODUCT WAS EXACT AS ADVERTISED. RECEIVED IN A GOOD TIME PERIOD. INSTALLED AS INSTRUCTED. WORKED JUST FINE. IT DID NEED SOME TRIMING FROM THE BRACKET THAT ATTACHED TO THE TV. IT BLOCKED OFF THE TERMINALS ON THE BACK. TRIMED WITH A SMALL GRINDER AND IT WORKED JUST FINE.
Received this item quickly and well packaged (But not so well that I was infuriated trying to open it)Everything was in perfct order. Strong, handsome appearance. Installation Kit is perfectly in order and gives a ton of options for different senarios.  Couldn't possibly be happier with this product.
A very sturdy mount with adequate mounting hardware.  I had to mount on a wall with an angle (A-frame house) and it had enough up/down adjustment to accomdate.  Mounted a 27" LCD monitor and it worked great.
For the price.....can't be beat.  I have two TV's hanging in the living room.  No issues, easy to hang.  I would recommend to a friend.
Bought the mount for my 30&#34; Dell U3011 monitor.  It fits the Dell quite well, and I bought it for it's reach from the wall, it's ability to manipulate, and it's weight capacity.  And in all those respects, I'm quite happy.However, there is a noticeable tilt/sag to the monitor when I have the arm extended.  I'm not so concerned with sag perpendicular to the wall, as that was expected, but the rotational sag that I sometimes get.
love it, it works just great holds a 32" t. v. no problem.like the idea that you can move this to different angels.
I purchased 2 mounts a few days apart. They were both VideoSecure and were the same price.  I purchased this one 2nd thinking it was the same as the 1st, but it wasn't.  This isn't a bad mount and was easy to attach to the wall.  However, most Wall Mounts let you detach the plate that screws into the back of the TV.  This one doesn't; so once you attach to the wall you have to hold up the TV and have a 2nd person screw it on from the back. Not a  big deal, but most others including the 1st one I bought let you do this.Here's the other model.  Buy it instead!!VideoSecu LCD LED TV Wall Mount Full Motion with Swivel Articulating Arm for 23-37, up to 42 in TV Flat Panel Screen With VESA 200 100, 20 in extension and Post-installation Leveling System A35by VideoSecu
I searched around for a TV Wall Mount for my bedroom TV and didn't want to pay the outrageous price I had seen at my local stores. This was a steal compared to what was on the market. Easy instructions and quick installation. I purchased this 6 months ago and it is still holding up and doing fine for my 32 inch Panel TV
I am very happy with this affordable wall mount for my Sony 32" Internet TV. One nice feature ist that you can swivel the mounted TV depending on where you are seated.
The price for 6 disposable wipes is 7 bucks.. you gotta be outta yer mind...Zeiss wipes...14 bucks.. you get 200...So what makes these worth over a dollar each?Nothing
It was easy to install and it is very sturdy and easy to turn.  Like this was best of all.  WE have a different brand one in the master bedroom.  What a steal!
The product seems to be of high quality.  The only problem I had was it covers some of the TV outputs to mount to the tv.  The problem could lie with the TV manfacturer. The TV Model is VIZIO E260MV 26-Inch Class Edge Lit Razor LED LCD HDTV .  I solved the problem with a metal cutting saw and some bracket modifications.  I am reasonably sure most people do not have this option, so care should be used when purchasing one or the other.
Great deal, just as good as the 100 dollar ones I bought. Fast shipping. Will buy another one when I need it.
This is a NOOK product and works as advertised. When I'm travelling without a laptop or don't have a computer around to recharge my Nook, this is great -- just plug it into any  110 outlet and plug in your Nook with it's cable. You can also sit there and continue reading while Nook charges-- very handy if someone else is hogging the computer. It could be my imagination, but Nook seems to charge faster this way rather than by going through computer. There was no color choice and the product I received is white.
Easy to install.  Has all the necessary hardware included.  Nice solid mount for my 42 Plasma and I installed another for my Brother's 42 LED TV.
We used to have a larger TV that sat on a shelf in our 5th wheel. It had fallen a few times, when we forgot to place it on the floor before driving. My husband uses our trailer for staying on site at his job. We ended up buying a small flat screen TV and this mount is so great, it swivels so we can view it anywhere in our trailer. When we travel, no need to put the TV on the floor. all we do is secure it to the wall by putting a bungie around the TV and the mount and we're ready to roll. Thank you
We bought this wall mount a few weeks ago. It is a good product and is very easy to install.
I really like this TV Wall Mount.  Is strong, compact, flexible and comes with everything you need (except tools of course). You get more than enough for the price. I definitely recomend it.
Great deal, easy to mount and it appears to be fairly sturdy. I mounted a 32 in tv on it and it works great.
I am impressed with the solid design of this TV Wall Mount.  I think this weights more than the 26" TV it is supporting.  It also has lots of logical adjustments so leveling the TV isn't too difficult.  The one semi negative is that it takes a fair amount of force to reposition the TV.  This does assure the TV stays put but if you plan to move the TV on the stand a lot this may be a negative.  Overall I am pleased with the stand - it seems like a good value.
I have a 48&#34; TV attached to mine, it supports it well and does very thing it was represented to do.
It works for the tv I bought but I had to use some of my own washers for the screws.  I thought it would have everything.
This is wonderful. came on time in great shape, went up with in a few minutes. Love the way it mounts and how it looks on the wall. thanks
I mounted this t.v. in about 30 minutes.  The instructions were simple.  Came with its own little wrench to loosen and tighten the swivels.  I can say I am very pleased.  Money well spent.
I love everything about this mount. It's versatile, holds our 30&#34; LCD TV no problem and is discreet. My only complaint at all is that the instructions for mounting lacked a little detail but we looked up some videos and everything was fine. Most of the other mounts I found were twice the price so this is certainly a good deal!
Bought the tv from Walmart they wanted eighty dollars for the same one. It does what I wanted it to all bolts needed wa in the box took about ten min. To install
Cannot beat this deal anywhere else on the web!  All other retailers are over-priced for what you are getting - a couple pieces of fabricated metal to hold a TV that articulates! This mount is reasonably priced.Pros:  Easy to install (helps to have a cordless driver to drill 6 pilot holes, and to drive in 6 lag screws. You also need to have a stud finder).- Well fabricated- Mount does everything advertised (i.e. articulates - you made need to loosen up some nuts)Con's: Really stretching here since this is a good deal: Instructions could use some help for the "novice" DIY'ersInstall tip:  It really helps if you have a second person assisting you for the final step of mounting the flat panel to the TV mountInstalled a 15.5 lbs, 26 Inch Flat Panel LCD (VESA 200mm X 100mm) to this mount. Mount works beautifully! I originally had the TV sitting a little high on a stand, but then the picture was not as good because of the upward viewing angle of the screen (inherent problem with cheaper LCD's - not being directly in front of a LCD screen) - this mount corrected this issue by allowing me to "tilt down" the screen.  I would strongly recommend this mount if you are in the market.
This remote, for whatever reason, was chosen by Time Warner to replace their previous silver remote, the Time Warner Synergy V RC-U62CP-1.12S.  The actual function of this CLIKR-5 is OK, but the ergonomic design sets back remotes by 20 years.  The buttons are all the same, there's no separation of the number buttons, the volume and channel buttons are the same shape as the other buttons on the remote, and it all adds up to a crappy user experience.  Why would TWC accept this as a replacement?  This remote is virtually impossible to pick up and use without staring at it to make sure where your fingers are.  Heck, you have to feel around just to figure out if you've grabbed it by the top or bottom, since there's no articulation in the body of the thing to tell you which end is up.  Horrible, just horrible design.  I'm skipping this and paying double for a refurbished Synergy V.
This is perfect for what I needed it for. I can move the screen from side to side if I need to and I don't have the TV sitting on my desk.....
We needed a wall mount for a 32&#8221; TV that was going to be in the screened in porch.  This was one of the brands recommended by the guy that was going to install out wall mount.  I can&#8217;t speak to the ease or difficulty of installation but it looks great and we can swivel it if necessary for best viewing angle.  It's also pretty sleek so it doesn't butt out too much.  It arrived quickly and it didn&#8217;t take the installer long but of course he was a professional.  Looks great!
Item works exactly as described with no problems so far. The charger is exactly the same as the original that'd you get from Barnes and Noble.
excellent  7"  inches  navigation  system , works  great  it's  fast  with  samsung  cpu  chip  and  accurate  , nice  and  lite , it's very  easy  to  use ,it's  made  in  usa  , in  my  oppinium  well  worth  the  price ..so i  recomend  these  to  all  out  there  on  amazon who  want  a  nice  gps .
This is a great wall mount. it fits my tv well (i have a Dynex 32 inch 720p lcd) it puts a little more strain on the mount than i would like but it has held well for the few days its been up there.Also one of the screws that you use to bolt into the wall had a round head? anyways its a great tv mount, and the instructions are easy to follow. installation took about 20 min.
These clean my tablet screen and laptop screens like nothing else - they do the BEST JOB! I Love Them!
The mount purchased fit my tv perfectly and was easy to install. I would get another one when it comes time to mount another tv.
This mount is excellent. It is very well built and sturdy. I used it to mount a 32" TV and it fit the need perfectly. The price was also very good and much, much cheaper than what an inferior mount would cost in a retail store. I would definitely recommend.
This swing arm is awesome!  Very simple to put together!  Love that it's so easy to move to different positions!
Didn't think it would work as well as it has,because the metal was a lighter guage thanwe expected, but it hardly deflected from theweight of the TV, even extended straight out.
Don't have anything to really complain about.  EXCEPT there doesn't seem to be a way, or i'm missing it to tilt the TV up or down (ie. mounted high on the wall and pointed down towards the chair).  and i am quite savvy with tools/assembly/etc. And it is difficult to get to the bolt heads on the back of the TV to adjust the angle.  No reason to not buy it though.
It never worked. My daughter worked to earn the money to get this and it never worked for her. I had to buy her a new one to replace it
Product arrived right on time. Installation was pretty easy. -- about 45 minutes. My wife helped me when mounting the TV but other than that, it was a one man job. Product came with good directions for mounting in a wooden beam or in concrete (for a basement I suppose) and slew of screws and other accessories to fit a variety of TVs. Fit my 32' like a glove.  Performed exactly as I desired once installed...TV swings into a sitting room off the master 180 degrees. I will likely reinforce the mount and reinstall down the road but the overall unit is fairly heavy duty and capable. I would think twice about mounting a TV over 30-35 pounds unless you reinforce the mount on the wall. Mine is 25 pounds and it is no problem at this point.  No real issues with tilt...when it is moved, you just adjust it to square.  Also, ensure the adjustment screws where the TV connects to the arm are kept fairly tight. Best 30 bucks I've spent in quite a while.  Tremendous value.
I have purchase three of these now and they work perfectly and securely on all three televisions.  Cant go wrong from the price.
Was perfect for our new flat screen. Did take 2 people to get the tv mounted to it.  But we love the tilt feature, it makes watching tv in bed much easier.
I bought this TV mount to attach a 32" flatscreen tv inside an armoured so it can be pulled out and swiveled 180 degrees in either direction.  The mount is simple and sturdy, with straightforward mounting.  It works well, although cable management is a bit tricky and we need to be gentle when moving the tv.The mount came quickly, arrived before promised, and we are totally happy with it!
very easy to install has added brackets for bigger TV but did not need. Pulls out further then any other unit
Works great and was relatively easy to install. Seems to be holding up well.  No complaints. I would recommend to anyone.
Perfect...Nook brand so exactly what was needed!  Price OK, but probably can't do much better being a branded product like that...
My students and I used to huddle around laptops to discuss projects. Now I have a 47&#34; TV for display and this mount makes it possible to put it on any wall and swivel it in any direction depending on how many people need to see the screen. Really stable, no wiggling
Love the cover and it works great.  Could not believe the quality of the cover for the price I paid.
Lost my charger. Found this one for less than half the price of one from B & N. Having a spare is great.
This wall mount for flat screen TVs or monitors installs easy and works well. I have an older Samsung 32" flat LCD. It took less than 15 minutes to install, a novice installer maybe 30 minutes, and it comes with a variety of fasteners for the wall and TV. Easy to understand instructions and some wrenches included too. Packed well with no rust or finish defects.
This was well priced, sturdy, easy to install.  You have to mount it on a stud in the wall. The mount joints are stiff.  Even though there is a generous pack of screws of various lengths and washers, I still had to improvise to mount the television. Good value
pros: fairly easy to install especially with the included tools.  Comes with various boltscons: the lag holes and bolts are too wide to fit a 2x4 stud with the center holes lined up with the center of the stud.  I would have been better if two of the three on the top and bottom were straight in to the stud and the other toenailed.  If you try to toenail the two on the bolts into the stud, they end up running into each other.
This is not a high cost unit so i didn't expect too much.  It worked well and has given good service now for two years.  It could have a better cable management system on it, but I don't expect such frills at this price.  This is solidly made, no complaints
For the price, you can't beat it. Mine didn't come with any of the screws for the TV, but luckily I had some leftover from another mount so I didn't want to bother returning it. Also, not sure what they mean by tilt, but mine doesn't. The arm extends in and out as said, tv swivels left to right, but does not tilt up and down as was my expectation. Otherwise, can't beat it for the price as in Target/Best Buy etc., these are going for $60+.
Easy to install and very well built. Put it together in five minutes, then ten to place and screw to the wall. EASY!  If needed I would buy it again !
The wall mount was just what I expected...maybe a little better. Solid steel with attachment bolts. Looks like it should last for a long time.
I bought this mount for my 22 inches TV for my kitchen. When I ordered this product the description said it fits most 22" to 37" and now that I am writing a feedback the description says it fits most 32" to 55" (I am clicking at the same link). Confusing but now I understand why I am having so many issues with it. The price is great but the product looks and feels kind of cheap. If I paid full price of $145.99 I would probably return this product. Pictures showing this product are kind of misleading and inconsistent with the model I got. This mount goes not work on my LG TV. When TV is attached, this mount covers up access to power input and HDMI access is very limited! Cable management on this mount is pretty poor as well. Overall I think that the description and pictures are misleading so if you don't want to be disappointed do some more research.
i have so for used inav iguidance,mapopolis,navigon navigator 5 and The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA .out of all these The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA is the worst and inav iguidance 2.1.1 is the best  .blue logger gps hardware is good but v impractical to use bcuz of its strange onoff button....i will not recommend it to anyone....simply waste of time and money
The TV I have has very odd mounting holes. It is 200mm x 214mm. Not the standard for TV mounts. This one was well adjustable and able to fit my television. Great product
I think the item was a quality item. The problem is that it is the wrong cover for my granddaughter's Nook.  Who knew there were different sizes of Nook?  I certainly didn't.
this holds up my 55inch sony with ease. make sure u mount this with ur own lag screws into the heart of the 2x4 ur mounting to and u won't have any problem--u may have to make a modificatoin or two but use ur brain and figure it out-- it'll be there till the house falls!!!3inch lag screws is the way to go don't be cheap go buy em.---how much did u pay for the tv????
Worth the money...High quality product......It fits perfect for my 32in..RCA...LED...It came a day early.Fixing to order one more. Best TV wall mount for the money
Awesome price and quality. Simple and easy to install and fully equipped for installation. If you need a swing arm mount for medium size tv this is one I'd recommend.
I liked it for the week we had it lol. Husband didn't tell me he was buying a 55 inch a week after we got this installed! Worked well and great price!
I have a full 42&#34; HD flat screen mounted on this. Not only does everything look better than strapped to a table, but the adjustability makes this mount a pleasure to have.  It was simple to attach to the wall and has a small footprint, being a single stud wall mount.  The other major point of this mount is how many sized TV or monitors the mount can be adjusted to accept.  My TV mounts solidly and the mount itself is solid, yet adjusts with little effort.  This is just plainly a good and solid product that is well worth the money.
This wall mount works perfectly for the TV in the guest room as the room is relatively small, and thus, we needed to place the TV in the corner. All in all this is very functional and has the ability to move in multiple dimensions. Note though it is difficult to easily tilt the TV down or up. A minor point is that the screws for the wall are very thick with the plastic screw anchors even thicker and so I had to drill really large holes - which given that I was mounting a 32 inch LCD-LED was not really necessary but would make sense for someone hanging a large plasma.The HDMI cable was a nice bonus and works very well.
Purchased this to hang a 32" Sony LCD.  Works well for that purpose.  As other reviewers have said, it is welded out of level.  Note this before you hang it.
Has been holding daughter tv up for couple years now it is good and strong 32 inch if your looking for something flat on wall this isn't what you want this sits a little off wall and can pull in and out must pull from both sides of TV may be difficult at times and you may have to secure bolts over time because pulling back and forth loosens up but they give you a tool keep it in safe place just for those times over all good product glad I got it.
GREAT EARPHONES, CLEAR, AND VERY LITTLE DISTORTION.. I WOULD RECOMMEND THESE TO ANYONE WITH A NOOK OR KINDLE. I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT
The equipment was in new condition and worked perfectly but it took forever and ever to get it to me.
I have a 42&#34; Hannspree LCD TV. It weighs 42.5 lbs. Most other reviews said they had a TV smaller than this so I was a little skeptical but got it because of the good price and it said it could hold 60 or so lbs. Most of my reservation was because it was the first time I've mounted a TV and worried it would fall within a week. I've had it over a month and its nice to have it be able to swing out, extend, and angle. I like the fact that I can get a bigger TV and still use this mount as its in my living room. It was not too hard to install. I bought a stud finder because I didn't have one and most everything else I already had to install it. I do highly recommend recruiting some help with the install, at least for when putting the TV on. This would be extremely hard by yourself, especially if you have a bigger TV. Overall, very happy with this mount.
Nook charger - exactly what I was looking for and reasonably priced - just wish we could find them at the store where Nook was purchased
It was not too hard to put up. That was nice but its a little hard to swing and very hard to tilt it.
Works great for a cheap mount. Worked great on a 32&#34; Emerson LCD tv. Does everything as advertised! Can tighten or loosen joints for easier movement.
Very good item; I am happy wit it, and delivery time was excellent!!  I recomended; is a good support for your LED TV. It is easy to install, and it have extra screws for different sizes TV.
Bought this mount for my 37" TV(about 30 lbs, secured it to my wall correctly, attached TV and the whole arm sagged a couple of inches.  The hung at the wall just had too much play in it. Wasn't worth the shipping to return it. Got a great mount for the same price on Monoprice.com, hate to lead anyone away from Amazon but they have better products in this case.
I use these for my computer, iPad, iPhone, gps watch, etc. Love that there is one wet and one dry. Excellent product!
I have this mounted on my wall in my editing studio.  It holds a 27" LCD monitor (about 20-25lbs).  It's been up for a week and I don't expect that it will fall down anytime soon.
Now I can arrange my room any way I want to and we can still see the tv. It is great.
Works great for my Nook, saves on grand kids ruining the nook. Will be buying more of the product again
Holds my 46&#34; with no problem and swings out to whatever position I need.  Excellent product for the price.  A good buy.
Best Buy has mounts that are basically the same as this for $125. This one is sturdy, came with all the mounting hardware you could need, and was easy to install. Twenty five freakin' dollars! Why did I leave my television on milk crates for so long?
I have had this unit about a year and it works great in the bedroom with a 22&#34; flat screen TV.  Very good function and can't beat the price!  You will need two people to set this up, but it goes easy with four hands and simple directions.
We have such a tiny house, but we have nice TV's.  Wanted to be able to have a nice big TV in our room and this helped with that.  Super easy to put together, really strong and lots of extra screws just in case.  Only 25 dollars for such a life improver.  Would really suggest you buy this if you need to put your TV up and out of the way!!
Was everything I expected its sturdy, well built and it makes my tv look absolutely amazing mounted up on my wall. It's awesome thanks a lot!
i mounted a 42 inch on my wall, and it really does the job. for the price you pay, this is an absolute steal. highly recommend.
This product is great! It does just what it says it does and im very satisfied! I would buy this product again in a heartbeat(:
This thing is amazing at any price point, but at this price it is incredible. Easy to install. Adjustable. I took it apart at the middle, to mount one side to the wall, the other to the tv, then reconnected in place. 1 person job.
I have purchased a total of 4 HDTV wall mounts from the VideoSecu companyand they are all quality products at a very reasonable price.-Tilt TV Mount: for stationary TVs up to 65 inches.-Articulating:  corner mount for SMALL TVs-Long Arm:  corner or high mobility mount for LARGER TVsAll of them are excellent products, and very easy to install.
I agree with all the other feedback saying this product is faulty.  The on/off button is terrible.  It takes 5 tries to turn the unit off.  After 5 months of using this, the unit would no longer "talk" with the satellites.  I sent it back to DeLorme.  It tested bad.  Now I have waited 6 weeks for a replacement that is backordered.  Customer service rep will not refund your purchase after 30 days!  The software claims it will compute driving routes for you...but it will crash your PDA instead.  I had to buy INav IGuidance software (which is outstanding) to get software that will actually compute road routes for me.  I would not recommend this product to anyone.  It has been a complete waste of money for me.
This item is heavy duty , easy to assemble and great for the price. The instructions were plan and simple. This a wonderful product to purchase.
Was fast and what was expected. Great condition. Only issue is the lifetime maps...cannot access them or purchase the pack.
When we moved into a smaller house and were faced with what to do with our 32inch flat screen TV, I realized the only place for it was in a corner of the room.  This wall mount had plenty of play to hold a TV of this size out of the way of a closet, but bring it out to a suitable location for viewing.  It was easy to install.  I would certainly recommend it if you want a movable mount.
My son crewed my HD charger cord so I needed another one, this is exactly like the one my son destroyed.
I bought 2 of these for about half of what it costs for one in a retail store. It works great and easy to install.
I am very happy with my Nook tablet cover. The quality is very high and I really like the protection it offers my tablet.
This articulating wall mount is used at a guard house 24/7 by multiple personnel. It is strong and provides a stable, secure position even after several users have moved it to meet their daily preferance. It has been in use for 30 days without any repairs to the installation. I suggest that the wall mount have a 1/2" plywood base (12" X 12")bolted to the wall mount end, and this be attached to the wall. Even our 6' tall guard hasn't pulled the flat screen/mount from the wall or bent any of the articulating arms.
It works.
really nice and durable.. i have it hanging my 42 inch Visio and it menuvers excellently. highly recommend for mount buyers
This was my first attempt to wall mount anything bigger than a 8X10 photo. With a little forethought & planning, this was a breeze to install. I checked out their web site to get a little clarity that was helpful. It took less than 1 hour to get this on the wall & mount my 32" Samsung. It was so easy I was able to do it all alone.
Works well, a little pricey I think for a charging cable, but then again, not losing the original would be a lot cheaper than any replacement
The mount plate and the extender arms need to be screwed together and there are two holes for each arm to attach to the corner of the plate. The holes don't align so I couldn't put two screws in. I just used one screw which is not the most secure attachment. Then I used zip ties to secure the arm better. I did this because I had to install the tv ASAP and could not wait for a replacement. Also, the mounting bracket that attaches to the wall has a larger screw hole on the bottom. This means that the bottom can wiggle and the bracket will be misaligned. Again, I did a quick fix. I gave this 2 stars and not 1 because it actually stayed up on the wall and is now holding my tv, albeit due to my own ingenuity and not the quality of the mount. I should not have to do quick fixes on a product like this.
It does 2A and charges a DEAD Nook in a few hours. It does so with a LOT of heat, compared to most wall worts. I have a dual charger where 1 port is 2.1A and the other is 1A for total output of 3.1A that doesn't run as hot as this. And i use that to power a raspberry pi to avoid needing a powered hubIt does the job adequately as it's designed to. Just hot. I would always unplug it if not using (even though it cools off) because of the amount of heat made. The nook hd+ runs hot too right where you hold it on the left side in portrait, but not so much when charging. I guess it's better to have it at the plug.
It works great for our TV and was so reasonably priced compared to all the others we had looked at in stores.
I bought this product for my new 32" Toshiba lcd tv.  Once secured in the wall the tv hangs great.  I can have it straight on for viewing in my bed or turn it 90" so I can use it as a computer monitor.  The swivel was a little stiff when turning it but after a little more use and some WD40 it works perfectly.  Great product, free HDMI which works fine and a level for the tool box.
It is an exact duplicate of my Time warner remote.I bought it so my wife could control the TV from her chair and not ask me to do it every time.It works great.I would reccomend it to anyone.
This device is somewhat weak even for the 46 inch TV weighing only 31lbs that I'm using it with. after some adjusting it's working ok.
Easy to installEasy to use and adjustAllows for multiple viewing angles, so we're able to watch from multiple rooms.4 stars because I did have to go buy longer screws to mount the TV to the bracket, but overall a Great Value!!
Does not effect screen visibility, but a bit tricky to put on. I would recommend starting from the top edge and simultaneously press on to the screen while peeling off the backing.
You can't get a better bracket for the money.  Actually worth twice as much. Easy to install.  All necessary parts included.  I mounted my 32" TV in 1/2 hour.  It's easier if you have someone to help you, but you can do it yourself.  I believe the instructions say to install the entire bracket to the wall and then attach the TV.  I separated the part that attaches to the TV and then only had to secure one bolt to the arm which I believe is much easier.  Overall, this product is better than advertised.
UH , WON'T  Work For All Sets .........Mostly made for  24 &#34; ..........Gave mine to GOODWILL........SO  , No Free Lunches
I usually never write reviews but after recieving this item and getting it put up I felt i needed too due to some of the negative reviews I read while doing some research on this item.I have a 46" Samsung LCD, not the skinny one it weighs 46 lbs. By no means is the mount sagging at any point. Full extension or swiveled it does not sag one bit and I am very confident that it will hold because I did a pull up on the arm before installing the tv just to be sure. Make sure and tighten down the allenhead bolts for the tilt once you get it to the tilted angle that you are looking for. They give you more than enough hardware for whatever the case may be so do not worry if they will have the right size bolts because there are multiples .Overall a great product for the money and if you are thinking of this at all, dont think anymore, BUY!!
It does exactly what is says.  Can't get any better than that!  Nice to be able to watch movies on the big screen as opposed to my little Nook screen!
I like this mount because it has horizontal adjustment screws on the mounting plate.  I was able to mount the large screen television in the corner of my exercise room and adjust it to be exactly level.
It works, easy to install. The 400x400 was kind of long and stuck out of the bottom of my 50&#34; about a half an inch.. For the price you cant beat it.
Easy to install.  Very sturdy. Best reach of all other style brackets that cost way more.  I put a 60&#34; tv on this bracket and it works awesome.  All I had to do was make holes in flat stock and criss cross them and it fit perfectly.
Bought this mount for a 32inch Panasonic LED TV. The mount may look cheap, but I found it to be extremely sturdy and a great buy for the price. I strongly recommend it to everyone.
I was skeptical and unsure whether I should order this wall mount but after reading the reviews I decided to take a chance, I figured I have nothing to lose. This wall mount was easy to install and I was able to hook up my 42&#34; TV without worrying that it would fall. The instructions were easy to follow and my TV looks great!
This item is stable, neat, and easy to install. The black finish paint has no flaws, it like a matte black, so it kind of blends with any television with a black back console. Not stick out all shiny like.
Could offer a little more in flexibility of installation, but once in place the set can be placed in just the right position repeatedly.
This wall mount met all me expectations as of right now.I Have had it installed for over a month without a hitch. Currently, it's holding a 46&#34; Sony LCD over the fireplace and it looks great. Took about 30 mins to install.Haven't found anything, in this short amount of time, I dislike about the Mount. Would recommend to any one that needs or wants a single stud wall mount!
Works good....like the motion. Its hard to put the tv on the mount. Other than that its exactly what its supposed to be
It's been great.  I would've given it 5 stars, but it was a little cumbersome to put up.  Other than that, we love it :)
No issues.  Works like it should.  Compatibility fine with my model TV.It's a great price too (I think) compared to other ones that do the same.
for the price you just cant beat this item. I bought it for a house I was selling so I could hang some tv and it worked great. Good quality for the price.
I bought 2 for mounting 1 46&#34; in my bedroom, & 1 46&#34; in our media room. Easy mounting, kit contained everything necessary minus the drill. TV mounted very securely, & easy positioning to practically any angle desirable. Best bang for the buck of any wall mount available.
I mounted my 32" TCL which isn't a very heavy HDTV, but it makes the mount flex a bit more than I like. Not a soid mount with a 32" tv; less weight and smaller tvs should be fine.If you want a really solid mount for a 32" and up, spend the money and go better quality. I am a professional satellite installer and know how to find the stud, and mount it level and true. This is just adequate for the never-move situation my 32" is for, but for a tv needing some occasional motion I would listen to my cautions, and go better and heavier...something spanning 2 studs for support.
I have purchased 3 of these wall mounts and they hold my 37 and 32 inch flat screens perfectly. I love these and highly recommend them.
Provides HDMI interface and allows charger to be connected at the same time.  Now I can watch Netflix on my older, non internet ready HDtvs.  The Nook is so much faster than the TV's or my Blu-Ray player, I now us it to watch anywhere in the house.
I was surprised with how heavy this box was when it came in. My husband installed the mount and tv without any help while I was at work. The tv has been up on the wall for a couple weeks and we have had no issues. We use the swing arm to tilt the tv towards the exercise equipment while we are working out and push it back against the wall in the evenings when we are watching movies.
Very sturdy. The arm is very stiff at first so you have to work it lose.  However, the mount works great, just make sure you get that stud just right. I was impressed with the quality and happy with the price.
The price of this was great, it is strong, holds our Tv without a problem, it is made very well, and in the retail store it goes for more than $100.00 and not made as well. I would so say this is a very awsome buy. I do want to mention I have a 42in.TV
Worked perfectly to mount my tv to the wall. TV now swivels easily to accomodate me. It was very easy to install and very sturdy, I was worried it would be cheap but I was incorrect!
This product really works great but I found the following items you need to keep in mind:- You must have your power adapter connected for it to work...it plugs in the the bottom. It appears it needs power from the nook power adapter to operate.- The plug fits in loosely and you cannot move the Nook around much without holding the adapter in place.- On initial plugin it seems you need to rock it around to get the connection but then it seems solid.- It works with a 25ft high quality HDMI cable so you can put the NOOK across the room with you. Not tested with cheap cables.Warning...I found that my LG SmartTV 3D from a few years back does not work with this adapter but it does not seem to work with many things...bad software. This adapter works fine with other HDMI devices I have used like monitors and I am sure other TVs.Gave it five stars because it really is nice to extend the screen and use your Nook as a streaming server to your TV. Nice they made such a device.
This isn't the best mount I've ever used, but for the money its great. The joints of the swing-arm are not as smooth as I would like, and loosening the tension nut makes the joints wobbly. I used it to mount a 22" tv in my RV, and its working fine so far. Not a bad mount for the money.
Very good price and very good quality. I made big mistake before when I paid 3 time more for almost same product in a local store and quality was sucks. Buy it, you will like it and nobody can not beat the price
I bought the blue logger and both Street atlas 2005 and SA2005 HH for my Dell X50V. No problem with the Blue Logger GPS but my complaints are as follows:1. Delorme did not include the Blue Logger Manager software on the HH. Now they want to sell it separately for additional $39. Very Weird marketing strategy indeed.2. The software for the pocket PC is very difficult to use, not very intuitive. It seems the hand held software was developed as an afterthought from the software for the pc. It is poorly designed, and appeared was not fully tested by normal users prior to releasing to market.3. It is very cumbersome and slow to determine a route. Even with a 620 MHz Axim, it is slow. Worse yet, the route is often wrong. FOr example, this afternoon I use SA2005 to determine a route to a friend's house. Had I followed that route, I would come to a dead end street and have to back track about 10 miles to get to another correct route to my destination. Luckily, I decided to use my paper map. Later, I tried Microsoft Mapping on the internet and it actually gave me the correct routing. Last week for another location, SA2005 found the wrong location for a given address which would take me about 4 miles off. Luckily, I knew where it was and ignored the routing from SA2005 HH.4. Many other mapping softwares for HH will allow one to use it with 1 hand and often with the finger. But not with SA2005 HH. After 2 weeks of using it, I found myself going back to my old paper map. For example, if I had not calculated a route and just simply use the GPS and map to travel, the software only show the street I was on but no name given and no street name shown for upcoming cross streets. It does not help when you are lost.5. SA2005 maps seems to be several years old and not very up to date. I guess that's why Delorme does not want to clearly advertise this issue.I am seriously considering giving up SA2005 and consider this as my $50 learning mistake, and looking at Microsoft Street & Trip 2005 or later in 1Q 2005, IGuidance who is supposed to have the latest map.I am not alone in this as several other users have also complained on delorme user forum. I wish I had read that forum before buying Delorme software. Well, Live and Learn.
Used this with a Panasonic 22 inch LCD. Very durable and works as advertised.It was advertised as fitting 22"-37" televisions, but the size of the t.v mounting plate is so large that it covers some of the plug connections on the back of the television. I will have to cut the metal plate to get to the P.C connector if i choose to connect a computer.Haven't decided if i will keep or send back to get something with a smaller mounting plate.Other than that, it's a great product and meets my need for a hanging television.
Very concerned over hanging a 46&#34; tv on the wall.  Got this mount due to low price.  Very impressed.  No doubt it will handle a 30# TV.  Allows full 90 degree rotation with 21&#34; from wall to centerline at maximum extension.
Love it has everything I wanted any problems were quickly resolved
This adaptor is real easy to setup and use right out of the box. I had not problem with it at all, it is well worth the purchase. I recommend this adaptor very much for viewing your Nook videos on your HDTV. I just disagree with other reviews on the length of the adaptor, I found it to be fairly adequate as to how and where it is connected to my TV. For me it was just right not too long or too short, I was able to place my Nook right below the connection on the TV stand, it did not fall or anything else, it is fine. Use your own judgement, I'm too busy watching my movies :)
Insane convenience and quality for the price paid. Works precisely as the home power brick works. Stays in the car always.
I bought three of these mounts for all the bedrooms in my house. I love all three of them. All mounts have different tv's on them, One is a 50&#34;, 40&#34; and a 32&#34;. Product comes with multiple screw for different tvs. Outstanding product for the price. All tv's have been mount for a little over a year. This product is a full motion mount for $29.99!! and it is Prime!
We installed this in a flash! Maybe 20 minutes... after we located our wall stud. The screws are VERY good (hex screws), and the directions on how to put it onto my difficult flat panel were great. I attached this to my MAG 32" flat panel that I purchase from STAPLES store back in 2004. I couldn't find any mount to fit this TV, until NOW! I love it. I know it will hold up well. The swivel/tilt/movable arm feature is AMAZING!!! It truly does move and adapt to any angle you need. Don't hesitate to buy it! Just do it! - It's VESA compatible. If you are curious if it will fit your TV, go online and look at your model of TV and check if it says "VESA compatible". VESA refers to the 4 arms you see sticking out of each corner in the picture, and they move around to wherever the holes are on the back of your TV. Any questions? Just ask me!
this Wall mount is easy to install and very good to move the TV to the angle you wantfor that reason I recommend it
Used this for the bedroom. Put it in the corner but was only able to hit the stud with a couple bolts.
Bought this for a 32 inch TV. Instructions were clear and the product is very well made. The extension is adequate and there is enough friction on the arm to keep it in place.  Well worth the price
The cover is snazzy looking if a bit stiff, probably due to the leather. I wish it had the extra little pockets that the original vinyl one had (from April 2012), made of the same material and color as the cover, with the lining as contrast, but, at least it has one pocket, good for the hand to slip into and hold the tablet with the cover bent backwards. I prefer the leather look one I had to the real leather, because it wasn't as stiff and was slightly less heavy.B&N; has the best covers for devices by far. This may come from their long experience with book publishers. They should make them for all devices. The 3 point holders are perfect, as is the construction of the cover. Whatever it's made of, it's well suited to the purpose.
I strongly suggest purchasing this product.The price is unbeatable compared to the local stores! I recommend this product to the fullest.
We have a 32 in flat screen that need to be hung and angled because of the ways our walls are and this did the job super well!
This tv wall mount work great I can ride my exercise bike & watch tv or swing it to  watch it while on the treadmill. It does the job real well.
The only discreption I have is the tools that the kit came with. Because I do not own any I had to resort to the tools they provided which were difficult to use when installing. It would have been great if it came with a stud finder as well
I Love How I Can Swivel The Televison  Around And This Bracket Stays in Place Mount On Wall Or Shelve.
While many beginner DVDs try to teach you everything there is to know about Photoshop CS5, this introductory course shows you the critical things you need to know to start feeling confident in your Photoshop skills. Bestselling author and Photoshop trainer, Matt Kloskowski shows you exactly what you need to know about tools, filters, adjustments, palettes, and menu items to hit the ground running in Photoshop. These include: layers and how they're key to mastering Photoshop, selections and the essential tools you really need to worry about, getting started with Camera Raw and which Retouching tools you'll find the most helpful. When you're done with this DVD you'll have a solid grasp of the most important features and be at the next level in no time.
This was perfect for my 24" LED monitor, I had it up in just a few mins and with no problems.  It included a small bubble level and it also came with a 6' HDMI cable which I was not expecting.
I already had a Nook Cover just like this one, it has been used regularly for the last 3-4 years and has worn out . I am so glad I found this on line, because they are not sold in stores anymore.I ordered this on a Thursday and received it on the following Monday!! Much sooner than I expected. Very happy with the product and service!
I got this wall mount for my 39&#34;&#34; LED HDTV. The mount  fits well and is sturdy. Good price too.
Nice quality still works great... very happy with this purchase... need to add 10 more words.. so what can I say its a wall mount that I haven't had any problems with
Wall mount is excellent. It's one of the easiest wall mounts I've ever installed and it holds my 40&#34; Samsung television perfectly. Very good product.
I now have TWO of these fantastic Articulating Arms. One for my computer monitor(24") and one for a monitor I use as bot a TV and spare monitor(21") for my laptop.This is a stable, solid, very well constructed device. Highly adaptible to the many VESA as well as some non-standard mounting holes out there. I was worried that since I was using the VESA 100 holes the mounting plate might stick out to far, but even on the 21" it doesnt stick out at all.The instructions are very well written and provide good graphical representations. The arm is easy to mount to the wall, and to the monitor/T.V.. Compacts well to the wall when pushed all the way in, and extends easily when I want to move the Monitor out and around.Very stable, no vibrations, appears very solid, you won't be worried your monitor is going to fall off.The only piece missing is the ability to adjust it up and down. You can adjust the Arm left, right, in and out, and so on, you can even adjust the tilt of the monitor, but if you need to be able to move the monitor up and down, this is not the arm for you.For the money, you cannot beat the quality or functionality of this Articulating Arm.
Another great buy from Amazon. The local stores wanted twice the money and the other mounts were cheaply made. this mount is made well and you get a free hdmi cable and level with it
very sturdy, easily moved in a regular daily way with a 40&#34; flat screen mounted. Easily assembled and installed. Thanks!
47&#34; flat screen LED went up in 20min.  Looks great in the corner of my room. Would recommend this to anyone mounting there TV.  Going to purchase a 2nd mount for my 32&#34;.
After looking at a couple of negative reviews, I thought I would take a chance on this wall mount and I'm glad I did. This mount was very sturdy and is one the heaviest mount I've. (which, in my opinion, vouches for it strength. I mounted a 2012 51 inch Samsung plasma TV and , after two weeks, the mount still holds. I have used it for hours extended in multiple positions - it still holds.
The bracket works great I have a 46" tv that weighs roughly 50 lb. with a 200 x 100mm bolt pattern. This was the only one I could find that articulated and had the propped bolt layout and I'm very pleased with it.
This TV mount works great.  It's easy to use (position-wise)but I can't be sure how easy to install it was, as my son put it up for me (I'm nearly 80) and he didn't seem to have any trouble.  He did seem to have equipment that I wouldn't have had around the house, like a laser beam for getting it centered and level at the same time, a drill, etc. but the bolt holes were matched evenly with the bolt holes on the TV.  I really like it a lot.  Get one and if your under 70, you probably will be able to install it yourself!
This product is very inexpensive and very reliable. If you are wanting to move your TV around very often, this may not be the best as the joints do not move very smoothly. However, the mount is very sturdy with my 32" Sony Bravia. It was very easy to install and came with all the necessary hardware. It is the perfect product for those on a limited budget. The trade off is the smoothness in the joints. Safety and heavy construction are prominent features.
Recently gave a friend my Nook Color because I upgraded to the Nook HD+ so when I came to find a cover for my case I thought I would look for one for him friend also. Since hes a guy I figured he would want something basic and dark not to flashy and this is what I found. I myself also love this look and wish they had it for the HD+ also. This cover costs way more at Barnes and Noble and you're getting here for a steal who wouldn't love that.
This wall mount is awesome, it holds up a 55 pound Plasma TV. Its great!! Have been using for about 6 months fully extended, and it is as straight as an arrow! No sag what so ever! I highly recommend this wall mount!
It is great. Works just like I wanted it and more.  Wonderful, terrific, great, good.Picture is very good with the product.
I've used other LCD articulating mounts that seemed better designed.  This is very stiff, making it extremely difficult to move.  The tilt can only be adjusted by loosening a lock nut on the back & then re-tightening while holding the TV at the proper angle (not a one person job).  On other designs, the mounting plate secures to the TV & then the plate fits onto the arm with (being held in place by gravity with only a small screw for safety).  On this one, you need to hold the TV up while someone screws the mounting plate onto the TV.
My brother is a trucker and pre-ordered this.  He was out on the road when it arrived, so he asked me to charge it, update it, and play with it.  FUN!  I am not a trucker, but from what I hear from my brother, the tools on this device are awesome.  It looks like it would be very helpful for him.  The thing is huge, a 7" screen!  Overall, this seems to be a great tool.My problem with it is that it cannot update.  I have a brand new computer running Windows 7 64 bit.  It's a Dell Studio XPS 8100 (i5 processor).  After reading on forums and contacting Rand McNally, I have learned that Windows 7 does not send enough power to the USB ports to allow the TND 700 to go into "connected" mode when it's plugged in to a computer.  Supposedly this is a problem that occurs mostly with laptops and some Dell systems ("Dell Latitude or Inspiron PC (it may occur on other models as well)").  Rand McNally send a very helpful email with some solutions to the problem, though it sounds like they are still unsure of all fixes or what causes the problem.  I am disappointed that a brand new device does not work with a brand new operating system, though that seems to be the nature of all things now-a-days.  I am hoping that it will update on my brother's XP laptop. we'll see when he gets back home.
Installed easily, Plenty of nuts and bolts and spacers. Easy to adjust. Strong, well made. I would recomend  it to anyone. Excellent value.
Needed a corner mounted Flatscreen. This did the job well, easy to install. I had to mount in a metal stud, so I used two support boards in the back to distribute the weight more evenly. Expectations of item met at a fraction of the cost from competitors.
mounted correctly the first time - very easy - good support - would recommend to all - lots of features
I have an older very heavy 36&#34; Samsung High Def TV that weighs substantially more than my new 42&#34;. I replaced my old basement CRT tv with it, installed the VideoSecu mount easily and it does the job. I was amazed, the price from Amazon was only $30 dollars and with prime I got free 2 day shipping. The original price was $149. Wow, what a reduction!
Very stable platform.  a little difficult to hang with two people, I think you need at least three people to install.  Doesn't sag or drop, very easy to move around.  Excellent buy.
adapter was so easy to hook up my 72 year old mother did it herself. she loves it. it works great.
The directions for this mount aren't real clear as far as connecting it to your TV.  But for the price, it was worth it.  I have it holding a 55 inch Samsung.
I bought this for the sun room we are building, haven't opened it yet but it look like what I need from the box.
It works perfect, puppy chewed last one and I can't till any difference at all. The price was great and it came before they said it would.
not the sturdiest, but very adaptable and the attachments work. This is by far the cheapest wall mount of this type.
After looking around a bit I took the chance for some of the "cheaper" wall mounts in the market. This was a great decision. This mount is easy, sturdy as keeps my 32" LCD were I wanted, moves nicely (after having to play around a little as the beginning the arms were a bit tight). It is a very good buy, and bought a second one for a smaller TV
just what I needed!
This unit did not fit my Kindle.  However I am keeping it in case I buy another Kindle.  Hard to know what applies
Amazing how easy it is to move my 46&#34; around on this mount and able to hang off one stud. Nice quality feel to metal it is made of.
Excellent bracket for doing everything I wanted my 47&#34; to do. The reviews were very helpful and made an easy installation even easier.  It does tilt a little to the right requiring a small adjustment. Terrific price!
I bought this nook really cheap, being a little obsolete,  so to find this cover still available was a great surprise! I was looking for a cheap generic one and this one was even cheaper, but is a genuine nook leather cover.  Great protection and looks great too.
Good price for compared to others from other stores it went up easy and have had no problems with it everything that it states it does it does and it saves a lot of space.
We needed something to Extend our tv away from the hot pipe for the winter and this wall mount did the trick. It went up with no a problems. It worked out very well!
I purchased this for a 24" Sony TV. The instructions are clear, and easy to follow. There are many sizes of screws provided to ensure that your TV will have the necessary hardware. The arm articulation is smooth horizontally. However, if you want to angle the tv you have to loosen a nut, so if you typicall change the angle of the screen often, you could get frustrated. If you are looking for an easy TV wall mount this is one.
Shipping was very fast.Very well made mount, excellent price and easy to mount on wall ,with more than enough hardware to make the project an easy one.
This product did the job and well. It is a bit difficult to move when the TV is attached, however, because the TV is so heavy, I don't think much can be done about that. I would recommend this item.
Mount was very easy to install. Did not have any problem. Take apart mount at joint. Install to wall and other side to TV then put together. Works well for the price. I leave adjustment nuts tight and just move it slowly. I would recommend to any one mounting a 32 inch flat screen. Make sure your TV mount holes will match mount otherwise no problems.
Installation was a breeze. Will work with any Vesa mount TV. Tilts and rotates with ease. Can't beat the value!
I am using this mount for a 27" LCD in my bedroom. Using a swivel mount with tilt works great for almost any room layout. The black powder-coat paint matches the TV, and looks great. Adjustment and locking is easy with the included hex wrench. I would rate this "5 stars" if the mounting screws were better. Made from relatively soft steel, the screw head strips very easily. After ruining one screw, I replaced it with a large black deck screw. It might be advisable to drill small pilot holes before attempting to drive the screws.Word of caution: If you do not drive the proper mounting screws into the center of a wall stud, if you exceed the specified TV weight limit, or if you try to get by with a really cheap swing arm mount, you may be signing a death sentence for your $500 TV (and perhaps yourself)!
It was easy to put up. I like the way I can move it around.  Overall great product. I would recommend this to anyone.
I had been looking at getting a mounting arm for my daughters room for some time now and decided on this one. It seems very sturdy/heavy duty and was (for me) quite day to install.The only problem I had is that I was mounting this to a Samsung 23" HDTV and the mounting plate covered some of the inputs. It had made both the power input and the HDMI input inaccessible. I look at this as partly my fault for not measuring the dimensions on the back of the TV and comparing it to the bracket, although it is not always easy to tell how it is going to align on any given TV.  The easiest fix for me(instead of returning) was to do a little modification of the bracket. I took a sawzall to the backplate and cut off some of the bottom two corners then filed it down so there were no sharp edges.DEWALT Bare-Tool DC385B  18-Volt Cordless Reciprocating SawNow for me this was an easy quick fix, but not for most people.I mounted this up a quite high on the wall and with the +-15 degree tilt it works great. I expanded on the cable management and added some sticky backs along with zip tiesFor the price and the quality I recommend this bracket just double check the dimensions and compare it to your TV
I've had this for about 6 months now. This is the worst GPS I've owned out of 4. It very seldom picks the best, or shortest route. It will let you put in multiple stops, but you only get info to the NEXT one. If you don't like a route and put in a VIA, guess what you only get info to the new VIA, how am I supposed to know if the new route is better? Routing is unbelievably slow, I've had it take up to 30 minutes, then get it wrong. Adding things to the notes just puts it into one long line. How about putting a return so I can at least organize a little bit. Very cumbersome to use, it's of little or no use for long range trip planning. I wouldn't recommend this to anybody at any price.
Using this mount for a 32" flatscreen tv in the bedroom.Good Quality.Installation was pretty easy for 1 person - but definitely need 2 people to mount the TV.Instructions had us using 6 screws to mount on wall. We felt that was overkill. 2 large screws in the center of the 2x4 would be sufficient for our flatscreen (it's very light).The Tilt adjustment is a bit of a pain - only drawback we found, but once its set, it's done; so not a huge issue.
We purchased this wall mount together with the LG 32" LCD for our bedroom. We have a standard wall mount for our Samsung in the living room and will be switching to a similar swivel mount like this one.  We received it when promised and installing was easy.  We like how you can tilt it up and down and also push the tv completely out of the way when not in use.  Our old tv was mounted on a stand and it kept the screen right above bed height.  Now we have it mounted a few feet above bed height and tilted down for perfect viewing comfort. (it's the little things in life, right?)  Has a cable holder that keeps the cords clutter free.  Was a mostly one person install except when attaching the tv to the wall mount.  Comes with several different screws to fit virtually any set you have and all necessary bolts to attach to a wall stud. Also comes with a piece to cover the mounting bolts that attach to the wall.  Price was awesome, overall a great purchase.
I have owned two Rand McNally GPS devices over the last two years. Buyer beware! They are pieces of junk. The software is great, but the hardware does not last. The first GPS lasted a year. I spent another $400, that one lasted about 14 months. If you don't mind spending $400 a year for a GPS buy one. Otherwise do not buy it it is the worst and most expensive piece of junk I have ever bought. I still use my original GARMIN I purchased in 2006.
Only gave this four stars because it's only supporting a 32&#34; TV. I think I would be scared to mount a 55&#34; TV on it. If you sprang for a 50&#34; or bigger TV, spend a little more on a properly rated mount. As with any TV mount, make sure you're hitting wall studs with the main screws, don't just use anchors in drywall or you're asking for trouble. LOTS of hardware included in the kit, so mounting any style or brand of TV shouldn't be a problem.
Purchased this mounting unit for my 50" plasma tv.  We were able to hang it successful but it did take a little over an hour.  The package was packed with everything needed excluding a stud finder and power drill.
Wanted the monitor off of the desk, so we mounted on the wall.  I would have rather had a vertical adjustment as well, but for the price, this unit does the job.
This is exactly what I needed.  It was easy to mount and supports my 40 inch TV (26 lbs) without any issue.  I haven't tested the extension brackets, but the rest of the device is very solid.  I will say that the hinges can be a bit tight, and it's not designed to be easily adjustable on the fly (you'll need a few tools).  If you plan on swinging your TV around a lot, this might not be the best choice, but it works perfectly fine if you only need to adjust it every now and then.  My favorite part is the small base.  I didn't have a lot of wall space to mount a TV, and this met my needs without eating all my money.  Keep in mind that you'll want at least two people to mount the TV on this device.  I attached my TV alone by precariously balancing it on a stack of boxes while I inserted the screws.  Speaking of which, I've mounted two TVs on this, and the box included screws which fit both (in addition to many more).  However, you may need a few more washers.
was really easy to installcame with a lot of  hardware to fit an situationwe did not  need to use the extension bars
This mount is very sturdy, assembled easily, and had all the parts to attach to the wall securely. While the monitor turns easily from side to side, I wish the adjustment for tilting the monitor up and down did not require a nut be loosened first.
I bought this, got it 2 days later, and installed it in about 15 min. It took me about 10 to find a bit to drill into the stud. I didnt even bother waiting for my husband to get home to help since I didnt need it. It came with a lot of extra screws to fit your tv just right. It works with both flat and curved television backs which I thought was handy and all the hardware to make it work for either.
This is a well built device.  However the instructions suggest that you install the whole device on the wall and then install the lcd onto the device while it's on the wall--6 (smallish) screws.  This means that if you are by yourself, especially with a big tv, you won't be able to install it.  You will need 2 people.  In my case, I have a smaller tv, 27" and I had no one to help me!  So I took one articulating arm apart from another articulating arm (1 screw), attached wall mount to the wall (only used 2 screws into the stud with screws I bought at the hardware store--the tv weighs only 15 lbs & the device can hold 55 lbs if the correct screws are used), attached the television mount side to the tv while the tv was sitting face down on my couch (this is really the best way to do it because you don't have to balance anything)--and with only 1 screw to attach the two articulating arms together--and a big screw at that--I was able to put the tv up by myself. You will find that you will need to adjust the screws on the articulating arms because they come to you pretty tight.  And for the price "such a deal"!
I am trying to get this to work for the last 2 weeks ... unfortunately without success. I bought the bundle #3 (Bluelogger & Street Atlas 2005 & Street Atlas 2005 Handheld). The installation went fine, but I had problems in hooking up to bluetooth. I had to reset my HP iPAQ 2215 several times in this process and my IBM T30 (2.4 GHz and with 1GB RAM) was very slow ... not sure why this was.Once I got the laptop to work, I took the Blue Logger out for a trip and downloaded the trip when I returned. Well, I coudn't make sense out the data the Blue Logger logged - the waypoints were almost all over the map. This was not the route I took.I am still within the 30-day risk-free guarantee and try to return it next week.
Great  , easy to install and very solid product good quality, I will recommend this for sure .  Get it !
For the money, this worked fine on my 37&#34; TV.  I had to make some additional hardware up to attach, but it worked out fine. Like the ability to tilt in the room that it is in.
I used this to hang my 40&#34; LCD that I bought back in 07, so it's a heavy TV that outweighs my new 50&#34;.  Everything seems to be made well, it was easy to install myself, and the TV has been hanging for 2 months now from a brick wall at it's full reach.  I can't imagine paying $100 for other TV wall mounts, as well as this one performs.
This was not the easiest to install due to location of installation but it works super.  I would recommend it for anyone.
This will be awesome if my husband ever puts it up. It is still in the box it came in at this point.
The TV is still hanging from the wall so that's a good thing. The info for this wall mount says it is good for up to 66 LBS. Our old Phillips 37&#34; flat screen weighs 58 LBS (including the stand) and after 3 weeks the TV and mount are secured to the wall via a vertical 2 x4&#34; frame member. The mount came with almost every imaginable combination of nuts, bolts and spacers and straps to fit various size and brand TVs. I had no problem coming up with the right combination for my big and heavy old Phillips.
this tv mount is made very sturdy, fast to instal, and looks great and I highly recommend this tv mount
I love this mount.  This is the 4th one I've bought and it works great every time.  excellent seller and excellent product
Cable seems to be very sturdy but it was harder to install because the spool it came on was all broken so it didn't just unwind.
I used it on my Vizio 42&#34; TV and it is working great. Because I had it mounted on a wall that is brick and plaster I had to be mounted onto plywood which was mounted onto the wall.
Very happy with product very easy to install with all parts and instruction at my disposal .  Great price and shipping time was unbeatable , I would highly recommend to all family and friends !  thanks
Great bracket for small TVs.  I used it on a 19" LCD and it worked well.  The large mounting plate may block some connections on some TVs.  Installed easily and could be adjusted to make level.  The links were very tight and need to be loosened for initial installation.  When the TV is in the desired position, you can tighten them up.
finally found a mount to fit my tv! I have a 42in. but it is older and I wanted to hang it above the fireplace. very easy to install, although the directions were very vague
One of the easiest TV mounts to install.  This works on several standard TV mounting patterns and has a &#34;quick release&#34; to put on or take off the TV.  Well worth the money!
EXCELLENT. BEST TRUCK GPS I'VE USED. GOOD GRAPHICS. GREAT VOLUME, OVERCOMES TRUCK BACKGROUND NOISE. EXCELLENT CATALOG OF DESTINATIONS. CAR MODE. NITE MODE MAKES IT EASY ON THE EYES. 99.5% ACCURATE. DIRECT ROUTE TO DESTINATION. DRIVER PTS. OF INTEREST: SCALES, TRUCK STOPS, REST AREAS, BORDERS, WEIGH STATIONS, SCALES, ETC. EASY TO PROGRAM. CONTINUAL FREE UPDATES VIA YOUR COMPUTER. OTHER DRIVER FRIENDLY OPTIONS. COMES FROM THE PEOPLE WHO'VE BEEN GETTING DRIVERS TO THEIR DESTINATION FOR DECADES.
Solid tv mount.  I attached a 42&#34; LCD to this and it holds it rock solid with the ability to pull away from the wall to plug in additional inputs.  Don't let the low price make you wonder.  This thing is rock solid and will do the job.
very versatile and STRONG&#8230;&#8230;.my tv is just at the recommended limit and the stand is flawless&#8230;&#8230;.very cool&#8230;&#8230;great design&#8230;&#8230;..very very cool&#8230;&#8230;.
The arm is built steady and has a ton of possible holes to fit your TV.  I had to go through many options before finding a combination that my Sony Bravia needed.  I bought a pair of 5/16&#34; screws that were a little longer (3&#34;) than the lag screws included since I have 1/2&#34; sheetrock over plaster and furring strips.  I also put some felt on the bracket being fastened to the wall so not to damage the wall.  The arm moves in every direction other than up & down.  Well worth the price paid.
Having purchased this mount for an application it wasn't really intended for, it's doing just what I needed.I was looking for a way to wall mount a fairly hefty Polk Audio Monitor 40 to use as a center channel speaker for my HT sound system. Polk recommends these speakers be mounted at least 2' off the wall to keep from muffling the rear facing bass port and this mount fits the bill to a T for a heck of a lot less expense than the typical center channel speaker stands sell for ... Bonus!BTW, these Polk Monitor 40s are essentially the same speaker as their purpose built center channel speakers for 1/2 the price as I got a pair of 'em for what Polk sells single center channel speakers, and .... got a 2nd one to use for the center channel for my BR system in the process. So long as you don't mind either standing them up as intended or that the Polk emblem ends up sideways when you lay 'em on their sides like I did, they make a great center channel speaker for a bargain price.This did require some inventive modifying with my die grinder and a cut off wheel to cut away most of the mounting pad intended for attaching to various monitors/Tvs, then a lil touch up painting after the cutting but what I ended up with was just what I needed. The cable management already in place works just as well for speaker wire as it would have for an HDMI or similar video cable too.Yeah, these are of Chinese manufacture, but I was unable to find a similar American made product, and let me assure you, I did try.  This is my second VideoSecu mount I've purchased as I have one for my 37&#34; Tv in the BR and both mounts are well made, came with ample mounting hardware for many different applications and are very sturdily built with a great overall &#34;fit and finish&#34;.Hey, VideoSecu, you guys have a great potential for an awesome wall mount center channel speaker mount in this product by simply modifying the mounting pad to easily use it for this purpose as I did, are ya listening? Oh yeah, and I'll gladly accept any R&D;/Marketing funds you'd like to send my way ;&#62;)
less than half as much as one at Walmart. I mounted a 32 inch flat screen tv on it and it is perfect.
Seeing all of the positive reviews I expected this TV mount to work like a charm.  However, once it was mounted on the wall the first bracket was bending under the weight of my TV.  My TV is well within the specified limits, it's a 32" Dynex that's under 55 lbs. so I expected the mount to work fine.  The TV was tilted because of the stress on the bracket and I didn't trust the mount not to break.  I'm returning it for a sturdier mount.
I would suggest this stylus for any nook user.  I love the color. The red is bright and funIlike the fact that it stays in center of the  nook cover
So far, its great. Easy to install, did it alone (tv is 32 inch) and took about an hour. Would have been faster but friend had borrowed by socket wrench so had to do it with the ol' run-of-the-mill wrench.Holds steady and comes with hardware for any type of mount (brick, concreate, drywall)
It always amazes me when I need stuff, such as this TV mount, that once you search the internet, the amazing prices you come across, versus what these same/similar items cost even at Walmart.Got it delivered fast and up on on my wall in no time.I have mine installed high on the wall in my bedroom above an armour and angled down facing the bed for the perfect viewing angle.
Easy to install and easy moving for the TV.
I was impressed with the construction, very sturdy and easily mounted. Great price! I would reccomend this product to friends.
The instructions and fastener labeling was a bit vague, but I was able to install it with ease. Works great! After buying a competitive product at Best Buy for $125...I found this gem on Amazon.com, for a fraction of the price. I returned the Best Buy product the next day. Thank you, Amazon!
We purchased 2 of these mounts for the TVs in our master bedroom and game room.  I was a little leery of the low price compared to similar products at brick and mortar stores.  I can't provide any installation feedback because we had them professionally installed.  But, they have been hanging since December and we haven't had any issues at all.  They function as expected and haven't given us any problems.
Great functionality, really incredible price, and a snap to install.  Honestly, ridiculously good product - wish they were all so easy.
Works great, easy to install, and fits almost any TV. Love the tilting feature. It has a low profile when you want the TV flat against the wall, so that keeps everything out of the way.
Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32&#34; monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.
It is a good value, but is not top notch quality. If you extend both arms in the same direction, the TV (30 inch) tilts. However if the arm goes right, then left, the play in the hinges offset each other and it works great.
I was worried my tv had irregular screw holes in the back that would require some sort of wild goose chase at the hardware store in order to use this mount. Instead, it came with an assortment of screws so installation was a breeze. I was skeptical for this price, but it works great.
This unit is a fantastic aide for truckers. Many great features that make it useful. Accuracy does not always seem to be current. At times it takes you many miles out of the way to get to where you are going. Also the graphics are very jerky. They could be a lot smoother. Very informative, but could be a lot smoother. Also, it does not zoom in like it should when exiting or turning.
This was one of the easier mounts that I've installed, taking less than 30 minutes unboxing to TV hung. I'm using a Samsung 42" flat panel. With some of the reviews I've seen, reviewers report the mount that bolts to the TV wasn't removable from the arm itself. I found this not to be the case and I've uploaded photos showing as such. I also like the angles that the TV can articulate to. After bolting the mount to a stud and hanging the TV, I found little sag. I'm very impressed with it for the price. And to be honest the only time it would sag or "bounce", is when the mount was completely extended. That's also with a TV that's pushing the weight limit of the mount. All in all, I wouldnt' hesitate to buy this mount again.
Outstanding product. Hung a 42&#34; Vizio with ease. Great price and great quality. I would recommend this to anyone that needs to hang their tv.
Installation went well, instructions were clear and had more than enough hardware to complete the job.  Of course you will need a helping hand when putting something like this up on a wall, but overall it was easy.
I have been using this for a month or two now and must say that I am thoroughly impressed.  I was not sure if this would be enough wall connection since its holding up a good sized TV.My 60Inch has two LARGE BARS that hold onto the wall...For a smaller TV- I guess more is not required!  I swivel this TV pretty much every day and also needed it to CLEAR the wall bc my wall is 90 degrees from my viewing angle.Clears EASY-Sets up EASYInstalls EASYWill fit MOST Holes on the back of various TVsHIGHLY Reccomend
So you're going through all the possible wall mounts for sale, and you after you've noticed that most of them are north of $50, and many are selling for $80, $100, or more, then you start thinking about this unit.The hope is that you'll spend something around twenty bucks on a device built in China (I believe), and use it to secure your flat panel television (your sweet baby) to the wall. Your television probably cost you several hundred dollars, so entrusting it to this wall mount is a big leap of faith.I received mine about three weeks ago, and since I'm not handy, I had my buddy help me. You better be ready to drill, because you're going to be mounting it into the wall with multiple screws/brackets. You have to know how to find the stud in your drywall...It took my friend and I about forty-five minutes to install the unit.Included with the wall mount is a tool, some sort of wrench you will need, but it was so poorly constructed that we wore it away so badly in the first few minutes that it no longer turned the included screws.So far, for the last month, the wall mount has held my 32" television (which falls within the allotted weight) up to the wall. There are two caveats: firstly, I NEVER pull it out, articulate it, turn it... nothing. I don't trust the wall mount enough to do anything but leave the television flush against the wall. Secondly, make sure you have a level with you, not just for installation, but pretty much for the life of the wall mount so you can make sure your television is level from time to time, in case you bump it or move it ever so slightly.Well, that's all there is to say. Good luck to you.
Same charger can be bought at Barnes & Noble for half the price. What gives? I understand they are your competition and all, but seriously?
Ran this stuff to a few rooms for both long speaker runs as well as for line level connections (tape/aux).  Both worked very well.
Works on my t.v. that no other remote works on.  Was hard as heck to find a compatible one.  Even works with my old blu ray player.  Doesn't work with my old VCR but that thing is so old it would be like walking on water if it did.
I'd never bought one of these, mainly due to the high prices in the retail stores.  I hadn't looked online much, and hadn't really needed a monitor mounting device until recently.This thing is well built, and it does the job.  It's not fancy but if you are just looking for an inexpensive way to hang a monitor (TV or PC) on the wall this will do the job.  It comes with a nice bag of heavy-duty hardware.  It is primarily designed for mounting TV sets, but you can get it to work with a PC monitor, as long as it has the VESA mounting.It mainly articulates side-to-side and in-and-out.  It'll pivot a bit up and down, but that's limited.
I was amazed at the price of this leather cover.  It is exactly the same as what youpay three times as much in the book store.  Well done Amazon
Well, it was super hard to anchor for me, it was going into a concrete wall with drywall over it.  I need super long anchors to reach the concrete block and anchor this thing securely.  I guess if you are satisfied with anchoring the mount into the drywall it would be much easier but I wanted it to be super solid!  I also needed to buy adapters to mount a VESA 400 TV.  So now it is supporting a 32" LCD and is rock solid.  Overall I give the product a solid 4 stars!  Another point, all of my TV's over 30" have a VESA 400 mount so expect to spend another $15 on adapters for this item to support televisions it says it supports.  Would have given five stars if it would support a VESA 400 mount.
Got my TV mounted with this above my PC and its been on the wall for a year now. No problems with it holds the TV well and its study. Way cheaper than store bought and its perfect for what I got i got a 37 inch HDTV
The TV wall mount worked just fine for a 22 inch Vizio.  It was easy to mount.  Very happy with it.
For the amount that you pay, this mount is amazing. I have 2 and they both hold up a 42 Inch LCD TV.
very secure, we did have to use concrete bolts thought since we were putting it on an outside wall made of lath and plaster with concrete brick on the outside.  One of the best features is there is one piece that attaches to the tv and another that attaches to the wall.  the piece on the tv actually hooks onto the piece on the wall.  I am really happy with this purchase.
Easy to install, strong enough for the 40&#34; flat screen and swivels nicely or hugs the wall, depending on preferred positioning. Very good product.
This wall mount is more than we expected. It does exactly what we wanted. We would recommend it to everyone..
Works great. Hangs securly on the wall and moves easily when adjusted. No tilt available. Moves side to side and out towards you to view tv closer which is a large benefit
Works perfectly for tv viewing.
This is the second articulating TV mount I have ever purchased. The first cost a hundred bucks and I had to put it together myself. It took a couple of hours.This one was twenty five bucks and took ten minutes start to finish.If everything I bought was as good as this I would start to think life is fair. jk
purchased to install a 47&#34; tv in a 24&#34; deep built in cabinet - simple to install - works perfectly - great price
I have bought several Blue Loggers along with some other hardware and software, notably GPS PostPro, DeLorme's software that will postprocess GPS data to make more accurate positional measurements.The point of postprocessing is to use data acquired over minutes or hours, for example by the Blue Logger, and do calculations after the fact comparing these data to data logged at fixed GPS observing stations around the USA or world. You can measure a point to a few inches, when things go well.If you spend thousands of dollars you can get a nice GPS receiver and software for doing this, like surveyors do. The Blue Logger and PostPro let you do the same thing, though not quite as precisely, for a few hundred dollars. You can't use just any GPS receiver - it has to record information separately for every GPS satellite.So, the Blue Logger is the only product out there that can do this unless you spend thousands.On the plus side is the fact that this is even possible. And, the Logger feels like a nice solid little device.On the minus side, though, Blue Loggers just barely work. They're probably the most unreliable and difficult electronic product I've ever tried to use. They keep malfunctioning. To make matters worse, I bet other companies that might have tried to put similar products out there would not want to now, because these things are convincing consumers that postprocessing is difficult.I keep using them because I really want the results, but I curse their unreliability every time I do. And this would have been such a perfect product, if they'd made them work right.I gave them a moderate rating because it's great that there is any product out there at all for doing this. If there were competing products I'd have to give Blue Loggers a thumbs down completely.If you want to see bright people struggling bravely with a cursed and evil product, go look at the Blue Logger Receiver forum at delorme.com.
I have three of these mounts on one wall with 32" tvs on them.  Very easy to install. Prevented thieves from taking my tvs when they broke in last year.
This was very sturdy, easy to install, and I feel like my TV is secure. Really good price, fast shipping. Can't beat it!
Mounted 42&#34; Samsung LED in home office with this mount.  The arm that leaves the wall is longer than the others I've used and pivots in the middle, so it's easy to get the TV in whatever position you want it.  I was concerned it may not be as stable when it is fully extended, but that wasn't the case.  Very stable when fully extended.
A wonderful opportunity to obtain a copy of the complete Arp Atlas together with additional supporting data. This work provides a fine opportunity for insight into the outstanding work of a premier American observational astronomer who unfortunately has been forced to continue his outstanding research in Europe. Dr Arp's career spans the galactic observational period from his early days working with Hubble to the present time and we are indebted to him for exploring the many anomalies  present in current red-shift  interpretations.
You just plug it in and change the source on your display. Boom. Mirrored tablet.I haven't had any troubles with this since I've had it, and it's proven mighty useful. Want to watch some YouTube videos at a friend's place, but don't want to gather around a tiny screen? Just hook it up to the TV, use the YouTube app on your nook, and everyone's happy.
This bracket does not fit the tv, as it says it did in the product description.  Very disappointed in the product. Had to return it and pay for the shipping cost, which wasn't cheap, due to weight of bracket.  Don't waste your money on this!
This wall mount was very easy to install, works great, and looks great. It can't be beat for the price, either.
We wanted a full motion mount for our 50 inch tv and this one is perfect. Pivots every which way. Was a bit tricky at first aligning the holes but definitely worth it! The stores wanted over $100 for the same item!! Would highly recommend!!!
I am currently using this for a 46in LCD CRT RCA tv. It mounted easily and also attached to the tv easily. Motion is nice and is very sturdy. Feel perfectly comfortable trusting this on the wall
This is one of the better one's out there.  With the adapters I can't imagine any TV this would not work with.  I am actually going to buy another one.
Sturdy easy mounting with great selection of hardware. Price was well worth it. Will be ordering for my sister and installing a 42 inch tv with it.
you can't beat the price and the installation was simple as can be. We installed it in our office and it is perfect! no problems and was completed in a matter of minutes
Purchased this for a small 22 in TV for bedroom. The mount weighs more than the TV ! That's not a complaint though. I actually took down the 22 inch set today and mounted a 37in Sharp Aquos. Much heavier set than 22 in, no issues at all. It supports the 37 in just fine. The set probably weighs 35-40 lbs. For the price, $25,it was a great bargain. Installed it myself into wall studs,very secure.
We got this one recently and its a great wall mount. The unit is pretty heavy, so you will need a helper. It also includes a variety of screws to mount also. Our TV documentation stated it was a 400x400 pattern. But after putting hte plate over the back, seems we didn't need the extra extenders as its 200x200. This is on a Samsung 40&#34; 5000 series LEDTV.The arm is hard to push and pull, but that is more due to being new and stiff. Make sure you adjust the tilt angle screws as our unit came with them loose so we had to tighten them.I initially was scared to mount it (what if it falls if I screw up!!!) but its pretty easy. Not only did i use a stud finder to get the general location of the stud, but i also used nails to get the actual edges (those basic studfinders are never &#34;exact&#34;). make sure you do the same.not bad for $30-ish
I found this to be a good product for the price.  If you need a nice, light weight mount, this is a good way to go.  Easy to install.
very easy to install.  It took no time and is firmly in the stud.  The package came with many different nuts and bolts to handle any situation.
Got this to use with my old Dell Inspiron 1720 during a long trip with final projects coming due. It worked great and didn't get too hot.
The videoSecu Swing LCD Monitar is everything that it says it is.  I'm very happy with this product.
Heavy duty...easy to install....and most important, very easy to attach your television to.  I would buy again and recommend to anybody who is looking to buy one.
Bought this for my 40 in to put in my bedroom. It works exactly as described and installation was eay. I recommend
This is my first Tv wall mount and I couldn't ask for any thing better. You can watch your Tv from any direction. Comes all different types of screws to hold your Tv to the mount. Also comes with2.5 inch long bolts to hold mount on the wall.
This flat panel mount is adjustable and very cost effective, an excellent product for the money.  This arm comes with all needed mounting hardware for either masonry or wall stud mounting as well as a set of 4 screws for several sizes of panel mounting screws.  It also comes with a small wrench for two different sizes of hex heads on the arm and an allen wrench for one of the arm adjustments.  It is at least a two man operation to attach the flat screen after the arm is attached to the wall.  I mounted mine on a stud in the wall.  For stud mounting you use two of the six mounting hex head lag screws that come with it.  It doesn't say exactly in the directions but you should use a 1/4" drill bit to pre-drill the holes in the stud.  I would not recommend trying to use the included hex wrench to tighten down the wall mounting lag screws, you need more leverage to tighten it than it provides; use a crescent wrench or other longer hex wrench.  I used a stud finder to locate the studs accurately.  Make sure you do not have obvious pipes or electrical going through the wall at the chosen location.  They can throw off some stud finders.  If you want to quickly adjust one of the arm adjustment screws it also contains a replacement screw that has a slip bar top lever so that it can be loosened and tightened without a wrench.  There is one optional cable management loop that attaches to the bottom of the middle of the arm.  It could use one more at the wall, but that is easy to improvise.  The flat panel we have is 32" and 25 lbs. and works well for the mounting arm.I really like this product for this price.
This mount is perfect for my needs. Some may think that it's a little stiff, but after moving it around for a while it should loosen up. Overall happy :)
I mounted a 32" flat-panel TV in a bedroom with this excellent product, which can be set permanently to almost any viewing angle (lateral and up/down tilt) and readjusted with wrenches. You'll need a stud-finder, a drill, and a screwdriver. A wide assortment of mounting bolts and adjustment wrenches is included.A very similar product at Best Buy is about $120. Save your money and buy this one (but be sure your TV weighs less than the specified max.)
I looked at many different products, and this was one of the best - especially for the $$.  This is a good choice.
JUST IN STALL ANOTHER SAMSUNG 55&#34; LED FLAT SCREEN. OUTSIDE A  PATIO DECK AREA WHAT A DIFFERENCE THIS UNIT MADE.THE MOUNTING KIT WAS VERY EASY TO USE. AGAIN I DID UPGRADED TO  USING LONGER HEAVIER MOUNTING BOLTS. THAT WAS ONLY $1.00 MORE BUT IT'S WORTH IT IN THE LONG RUN. HERE IN EARTHQUAKE COUNTRY YOU NEES THAT SUPPORT. YOUR FLATSCREEN TV RETRACTS A FEW INCHES OFF THE WALL PLUS IT WILL LOOK SWEET FROM 2&#34; TO 24&#34; FROM WALL AREA
I bought this the day it first became available in 2006 and have been using it on and off ever since because I always thought the problem was the bluetooth connection on my computer. Now that I have a newer computer, I see that the problem truly has been with blue logger and not my computer.As a logger, it is fairly difficult to use. If you don't get all the settings exactly right in the blue logger manager software, it will give you odd results. Or none at all. The manager software is terrible.When it's working, it performs as expected. The tricky thing always seems to be to get it to the point where it will actually perform - either as a logger or as a serial device for Street Atlas. Just don't turn it or street atlas off, or you have to fiddle with it again.This has probably been one of the must frustrating techno-gadget experiences of my life, and I'm usually pretty good at figuring these kinds of things out. I was an early adopter of a unit that was fairly new technology at the time. Now every smart phone comes with GPS and bluetooth that just works. The unit is still being sold today. Sometimes, it's nice to have something that just logs. I'm sure there are newer gadgets out there that do a far superior job of logging to this outmoded and no-longer relevant unit. Save yourself a world of hassle and buy something other than this.
